[2019-04-02T15:57:31.833Z]	<drabiv>	present+
[2019-04-02T15:58:51.488Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	present+
[2019-04-02T15:59:28.828Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2019-04-02T15:59:34.909Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2019-04-02T15:59:48.100Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2019-04-02T16:00:25.185Z]	<achughes>	present+
[2019-04-02T16:00:54.130Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2019-04-02T16:00:57.842Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2019-04-02T16:01:07.793Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-04-02T16:02:10.283Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2019-04-02T16:02:13.690Z]	<kimhd>	sorry, problems connecting
[2019-04-02T16:02:17.789Z]	<ken>	present+
[2019-04-02T16:02:47.001Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2019-04-02T16:03:39.665Z]	<jonathan_holt>	present+ jonathan_holt
[2019-04-02T16:03:47.512Z]	<Justin_R>	present+
[2019-04-02T16:03:47.602Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+ markus_sabadello
[2019-04-02T16:04:33.230Z]	<ottonomy>	present+ Nate Otto
[2019-04-02T16:04:53.511Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: bigbluehat is 09ac
[2019-04-02T16:05:00.865Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: 09ac is bigbluehat
[2019-04-02T16:05:10.866Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	+1
[2019-04-02T16:05:20.843Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Topic: IP notes, call notes,
[2019-04-02T16:05:30.610Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... intro, re-intro, announce, reminder, action items...
[2019-04-02T16:05:42.109Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... review DID progress for the AC meeting
[2019-04-02T16:05:47.989Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Heather survey results
[2019-04-02T16:05:55.175Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... code of conduct
[2019-04-02T16:06:02.454Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... and conflict management
[2019-04-02T16:06:34.809Z]	<kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Apr/0000.html
[2019-04-02T16:06:51.630Z]	<kimhd>	Scribe: Lionel_Wolberger
[2019-04-02T16:07:24.644Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/meetings/
[2019-04-02T16:07:40.870Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-04-02T16:07:51.163Z]	<Vaughan>	present+
[2019-04-02T16:08:04.568Z]	<Karn>	present+
[2019-04-02T16:08:13.962Z]	<drummond>	present+
[2019-04-02T16:08:23.928Z]	<drummond>	voip: connections?
[2019-04-02T16:08:43.246Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Topic: Introductions & Reintroductions
[2019-04-02T16:08:46.967Z]	<markus_sabadello>	voip: 000009a7 is markus_sabadello
[2019-04-02T16:09:03.723Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Menlo Park, CA. Background in SW engineering and digital health.
[2019-04-02T16:09:18.442Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... worked in startups. following blockchain for 1.5 year, DID for 10 month
[2019-04-02T16:09:27.385Z]	<drummond>	voip: 9b0 is drummond
[2019-04-02T16:09:32.783Z]	<rhiaro>	voip: 99a is rhiaro
[2019-04-02T16:09:34.602Z]	<heathervescent>	FYI - this is Karn Verma
[2019-04-02T16:09:36.624Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... interested as I see future applications around patient data, doctor identity, health care in general
[2019-04-02T16:09:46.262Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... That was Karn Derma
[2019-04-02T16:09:53.729Z]	<Karn>	Karn Verma
[2019-04-02T16:09:55.504Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Heather +1
[2019-04-02T16:10:00.422Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	scribelocity!
[2019-04-02T16:10:04.403Z]	<heathervescent>	And Karn helped on the CCG survey analysis & report!
[2019-04-02T16:11:20.103Z]	<chrisboscolo>	present+
[2019-04-02T16:11:24.364Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Reintro: Kaliya Identity Woman, just back from India research on their National ID system
[2019-04-02T16:11:43.549Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Run the IIW, 28th one coming up beginning of May
[2019-04-02T16:12:06.517Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... in progress now Decentralized Identity Foundation, organizational development
[2019-04-02T16:12:11.304Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.internetidentityworkshop.com
[2019-04-02T16:12:33.907Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	focus on communicating these activities to other businesses
[2019-04-02T16:12:36.633Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2019-04-02T16:12:43.624Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	...
[2019-04-02T16:12:45.596Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Topic: Announcements & Reminders
[2019-04-02T16:12:49.290Z]	<kimhd>	https://zoom.us/j/7077077007
[2019-04-02T16:13:01.969Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Dedicated DID calls every Thursday, zoom room https://zoom.us/j/7077077007
[2019-04-02T16:13:18.413Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-04-02T16:13:23.425Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... 1300-1400 Pacific, and DID resolution 1400-1500 Pacific
[2019-04-02T16:13:26.302Z]	<Vipunsun>	present+
[2019-04-02T16:13:29.896Z]	<kimhd>	ack drummond
[2019-04-02T16:13:40.343Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	1300-1400 DID Spec Pacific, and DID resolution 1400-1500 Pacific
[2019-04-02T16:13:51.747Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.w3.org/2019/04/AC/Overview.html
[2019-04-02T16:13:54.487Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... NExt week Quebec April 7-9 W3C meeting
[2019-04-02T16:14:03.763Z]	<brent>	present+ Brent_Zundel
[2019-04-02T16:14:18.408Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.internetidentityworkshop.com
[2019-04-02T16:14:37.134Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... IIW coming up
[2019-04-02T16:14:56.147Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... DID One Day hackathon and credential exchange
[2019-04-02T16:15:13.945Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Kim: That W3C link is password protected, my W3C cred didnt open it
[2019-04-02T16:15:22.102Z]	<heathervescent>	Link to the Amazon book: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07Q3TXLDP/
[2019-04-02T16:15:27.285Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07Q3TXLDP/
[2019-04-02T16:15:35.143Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Book! Kaliya & Heather wrote Comprehensive Guide to Self-Sovereign Identity
[2019-04-02T16:15:57.583Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... includes core building blocks: wallet, agent, verifier code, issuer code
[2019-04-02T16:16:02.382Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... a look at ledger projects
[2019-04-02T16:16:04.006Z]	<kimhd>	Lionel -- good point, you probably need AC creds to see it
[2019-04-02T16:16:27.806Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... a list of companies, a look at the standards shaping the space
[2019-04-02T16:16:34.683Z]	<heathervescent>	q+
[2019-04-02T16:16:35.274Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... a look at the organizations and where you can get involved.
[2019-04-02T16:16:53.184Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Kaliya encourages everyone to buy a copy and write a review!
[2019-04-02T16:16:54.503Z]	<kimhd>	ack heathervescent
[2019-04-02T16:16:59.825Z]	<drummond>	Link?
[2019-04-02T16:17:09.388Z]	<kimhd>	Drummond: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07Q3TXLDP/
[2019-04-02T16:17:20.235Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Heather: it's on pre-order, Kindle, if you have any issues, let Heather/Kaliya know
[2019-04-02T16:17:22.646Z]	<drummond>	Thanks!
[2019-04-02T16:17:30.928Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... share on LinkedIn, Twitter
[2019-04-02T16:18:10.114Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Thanks to the contributing authors Kim Hamilton Duffy (Author), Markus Sabadello (Author), Dmitri Zagidulin (Author), Juan Caballero (Author)
[2019-04-02T16:18:17.453Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2019-04-02T16:18:23.623Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Topic: Action Items
[2019-04-02T16:18:31.895Z]	<Vipunsun>	I will be sure to mention the book on the HL Identity WG
[2019-04-02T16:19:08.277Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... CCG call connection problems action: chairs action: review next meeting: next
[2019-04-02T16:19:21.283Z]	<heathervescent>	Thank you @Vipunsun!
[2019-04-02T16:19:21.592Z]	<manu>	q+ can provide info -- nothing changed :P
[2019-04-02T16:19:28.823Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... no one complained, so the call-in issues seem better
[2019-04-02T16:19:47.123Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-04-02T16:20:02.289Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Since we did nothing, this was fixed by those magic internet elves
[2019-04-02T16:20:23.065Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... DID methods in the registry without associated DID specifications
[2019-04-02T16:20:28.590Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... making good progress
[2019-04-02T16:20:45.456Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/59
[2019-04-02T16:21:36.502Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Markus: Dom, no response. Might be deprecated.
[2019-04-02T16:21:46.849Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... UPOrt deprecated this method but has introduced other methods
[2019-04-02T16:22:23.556Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Kim: Uport, might be useful to mark this one as deprecated, since people may be working with it
[2019-04-02T16:22:25.802Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+
[2019-04-02T16:22:31.553Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1 to retaining uport as "deprecated"
[2019-04-02T16:22:45.375Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack jonathon_holt
[2019-04-02T16:22:48.002Z]	<kimhd>	ack jonathan_holt
[2019-04-02T16:22:59.127Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Jonathan: Version control issues; machine readable
[2019-04-02T16:23:25.262Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1 to add version to registry
[2019-04-02T16:23:25.506Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-04-02T16:23:27.530Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... For version control, implement a better syntax around changes and whether it has been deprecated
[2019-04-02T16:23:33.984Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-04-02T16:23:48.271Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Specification should have version in the title
[2019-04-02T16:23:59.770Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... JSON-LD can support the other request, this is a respec feature
[2019-04-02T16:24:12.604Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-04-02T16:24:14.632Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2019-04-02T16:24:22.174Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-04-02T16:24:23.588Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... This requires work by the people writing the specifications, not everyone does that
[2019-04-02T16:24:41.415Z]	<drummond>	+1 to adding that note to the registry instructions.
[2019-04-02T16:25:29.848Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	action: add note to did method registry process about versioning method specs in a way that bubbles up to the registry
[2019-04-02T16:25:49.916Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Topic: DID Report out for AC Meeting
[2019-04-02T16:26:02.542Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	>> sound is garbled for me, you too? <<
[2019-04-02T16:26:06.032Z]	<kimhd>	yes
[2019-04-02T16:26:26.894Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	(internet elves got mad at us again)
[2019-04-02T16:26:45.111Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Dan: What is the timing that we expect for this?
[2019-04-02T16:27:02.643Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... we need to know for when the TAG is likely to need this document.
[2019-04-02T16:27:30.951Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... W3C AC meeting is next Sunday/Monday in Quebec
[2019-04-02T16:27:37.530Z]	<drummond>	Kim is breaking up
[2019-04-02T16:27:48.668Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	(crimson and clover)
[2019-04-02T16:27:53.569Z]	<JaneWang>	breaking up pretty bad
[2019-04-02T16:28:14.331Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	(over and over, indeed)
[2019-04-02T16:28:36.256Z]	<drummond>	Manu sounds good
[2019-04-02T16:29:41.292Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	W3C goal: report out all the progress we are doing
[2019-04-02T16:29:51.434Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... progress towards the working group
[2019-04-02T16:30:01.592Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... not clear who is waiting on whom
[2019-04-02T16:30:14.393Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	.. we have the DID spec peeting this Thursday, that is great fast progress....
[2019-04-02T16:30:21.010Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Joe/Kim will clarify use cases
[2019-04-02T16:30:32.643Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Dan mentioned, the DID explainer may need some more outcomes
[2019-04-02T16:30:53.714Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Manu, what is your view on DID progress in terms of what will the W3C AC be most interested in
[2019-04-02T16:31:01.007Z]	<heathervescent>	Is sip or call in better audio?
[2019-04-02T16:31:38.290Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	+++1
[2019-04-02T16:31:38.816Z]	<Justin_R>	@heathervescent I think the issue is with the call bridge so neither is better
[2019-04-02T16:31:57.503Z]	<heathervescent>	Ah, thanks @Justin_R.
[2019-04-02T16:32:59.046Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: From W3C perspective, we have no info
[2019-04-02T16:33:15.083Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... it will likely be discussed at the AC meeting (why they invited you, Kim)
[2019-04-02T16:33:21.156Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... then will give us directives
[2019-04-02T16:33:29.425Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Manu put in PRs to simplify the introduction
[2019-04-02T16:33:40.712Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... to be dealt with at the Thursday meeting
[2019-04-02T16:33:55.156Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... where do we draw the line on DID methods? Is DID Facebook allowed? Is DID Web allowed?
[2019-04-02T16:34:04.813Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... do we commit and allow only decentralized DLTs?
[2019-04-02T16:34:21.647Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Re: ABNF and Service Description, good progress with MS and DR
[2019-04-02T16:34:47.003Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-04-02T16:35:56.193Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Kim: is W3C waiting for DID explainer, Use Cases,
[2019-04-02T16:36:06.506Z]	<drummond>	BTW, I am happy to help with the DID explainer. Who is leading that?
[2019-04-02T16:36:31.123Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: May want to check with Wendy. Likely, they are not waiting since we submitted charter and supporting documentation (a spec).
[2019-04-02T16:36:43.997Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... This work is cleaning all that up, but that is not required for a working group to be formed
[2019-04-02T16:36:54.610Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... So move those things forward, but they are not gating items
[2019-04-02T16:37:01.087Z]	<burn>	Drummond, Joe and I are doing explainer.  The only issue for us has been the recent discussions on DID vs. DID-URL, URLs, etc.
[2019-04-02T16:37:30.566Z]	<burn>	q+
[2019-04-02T16:37:36.644Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Drummond: A new paper started at the last RWoT can help
[2019-04-02T16:37:43.684Z]	<kimhd>	ack drummond
[2019-04-02T16:38:26.627Z]	<kimhd>	ack burn
[2019-04-02T16:38:30.972Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Drummond: this Thursday quite important, you are all invited
[2019-04-02T16:38:40.732Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Dan: The DID explainer does not 'compete' with the other docs.
[2019-04-02T16:39:17.829Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... It answers very specific TAG questions, it's not a general tutorial, more like a TAG Q&A (a TAGAQ)
[2019-04-02T16:39:35.003Z]	<kimhd>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1s15wHQEALSAQ3JUUScGGii3re2mJxGcQgIeSk1nHh5U/edit?usp=sharing
[2019-04-02T16:39:52.735Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Topic: Survey results
[2019-04-02T16:40:01.593Z]	<drummond>	Got it, Burn, it sounds very complementary to "Understanding DIDs in Greater Depth" that we started at RWOT. Link to that in-progress doc: https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot8-barcelona/blob/master/draft-documents/understanding-dids-in-greater-depth.md
[2019-04-02T16:40:43.104Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	heather: Shoutout to Karn Verma, he volunteered and came through !
[2019-04-02T16:41:07.644Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Origin: In December the chairs asked for feedback, so Heather offered to run this survey.
[2019-04-02T16:41:43.832Z]	<kimhd>	Great work Heather and Varn!
[2019-04-02T16:42:23.133Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Heather: Setting the stage
[2019-04-02T16:42:32.243Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... reporting aggregated and long term results of the survey
[2019-04-02T16:42:48.967Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... there were 34 opinions collected
[2019-04-02T16:43:05.083Z]	<manu>	voip: noise?
[2019-04-02T16:43:05.348Z]	<kimhd>	+1 to not shooting messengers. :) respectful dialog please, which I will aggressively enforce
[2019-04-02T16:43:56.464Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Key points
[2019-04-02T16:44:09.464Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... (1) there is a core group, and relative outsiders from outside North America
[2019-04-02T16:44:20.225Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Re: Inclusion and Diversity
[2019-04-02T16:44:37.244Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... much of the work has been technical, some not technical, some effort to recruit more people
[2019-04-02T16:44:59.547Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... reality is, we are a very technical group doing technical things, and it is intimidating to non-technical people
[2019-04-02T16:45:09.949Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... North America focus, NA time zones and NA perspectives
[2019-04-02T16:45:31.450Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... non-NA people feel this bias more keenly and feel a difficulty contributing
[2019-04-02T16:45:49.330Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Varn: Thanks to Heather for taking the initiative
[2019-04-02T16:46:13.123Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... I am an example of someone who wanted to get inolved, and volutneering really helped me understand what is going on and how I can participate
[2019-04-02T16:46:19.189Z]	<heathervescent>	Varn=Karn
[2019-04-02T16:46:20.345Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... quantitative and qualitative feedback
[2019-04-02T16:46:21.266Z]	<kimhd>	q+ to solicit feedback from group on Heather's points (after this review is done)
[2019-04-02T16:46:50.083Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... [disclaimer: Karn personal view, I do think I understand what the group is doing,
[2019-04-02T16:47:00.212Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... I hvae this 50 feet view
[2019-04-02T16:47:10.588Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... on the other hand the website and materials of the group are at 2 feet
[2019-04-02T16:47:22.195Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	.. and it is difficult for someone like me to discern what is really going on
[2019-04-02T16:47:27.808Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	.. a missing "ten foot" POV
[2019-04-02T16:47:34.827Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... process, roadmap and ideas for the future
[2019-04-02T16:47:46.209Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Most respondents were not confident about how the work was done/managed.
[2019-04-02T16:48:00.028Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... However there was a group of responses that were confident about the process.
[2019-04-02T16:48:33.566Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Participation: limited by a lack of clarity
[2019-04-02T16:48:43.385Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Priorities: mainly technical
[2019-04-02T16:48:46.817Z]	<drummond>	Note: I have to drop now to meet with the BC Gov team. They send their best to everyone.
[2019-04-02T16:49:19.508Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-04-02T16:49:31.492Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-04-02T16:49:58.714Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Thanks for doing this! Having the feedback is great. I suggest opening the document for comments.
[2019-04-02T16:50:27.812Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... I find some of the findings quite sobering, certainly not 'happy' about them but glad to have the feedback
[2019-04-02T16:50:42.372Z]	<kimhd>	Do we need to find a way to allow people to give anonymous feedback?
[2019-04-02T16:52:49.374Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-04-02T16:53:21.626Z]	<ChristopherA>	q-
[2019-04-02T16:53:38.876Z]	<ChristopherA>	My question is more about what happens with priorities if DID moves to a WG?
[2019-04-02T16:53:44.344Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Kim: Some things here the chairs suspected already, but some we need more information and clarifications
[2019-04-02T16:53:56.108Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... would like a parallel track, what people are thinking about
[2019-04-02T16:54:06.930Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... perhaps enable anonymous feedback? or a session to discuss this in more depth?
[2019-04-02T16:54:17.142Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... What can the ctee do to address this feedback
[2019-04-02T16:54:24.153Z]	<kimhd>	ack kimhd
[2019-04-02T16:54:57.467Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Heather: We authors made a conscious decision to *not* make recommendations, as this community is deeply collaborative
[2019-04-02T16:55:03.576Z]	<ChristopherA>	Heather, a lot of the priorities are DID related, but we likely be passing them on to a DID WG. so I'd be interested in knowing what non-DID items should be priority?
[2019-04-02T16:55:09.243Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Some of your questions are addressed so let us continue
[2019-04-02T16:55:15.025Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Survey in 4 sections
[2019-04-02T16:55:24.008Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... 1 on how the CCG is working
[2019-04-02T16:55:41.882Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... a lot of activity done on DID spec, technical discussions and fostering the community to have conversation about this
[2019-04-02T16:56:06.366Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... let's honor and acknowledge the accomplishment, that this is the core group driving this spec and technology forward. This is a *positive*
[2019-04-02T16:56:16.107Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Let's highlight one or two items in the report
[2019-04-02T16:56:44.555Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Karn: This section, to  uncover roadblocks to participating and contributing to the on-going work.
[2019-04-02T16:56:47.482Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... how it works
[2019-04-02T16:56:58.577Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... 27/44 do not know how it works
[2019-04-02T16:57:13.303Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Roadmap: Most participants felt that there is a lack of a roadmap and a clear set of achievable goals.
[2019-04-02T16:58:10.271Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... two major roadblocks: (1) funding (2) understanding previous and current work
[2019-04-02T16:58:15.782Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... this ties into visibility issues
[2019-04-02T16:58:36.433Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	q+
[2019-04-02T16:58:50.170Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	q+ not worth rushing along, let's make more time for this
[2019-04-02T16:59:07.834Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Karn: More moderation to avoid personal pitches
[2019-04-02T16:59:33.473Z]	<manu>	+1 -- let's continue this on the next call, this is important, we don't want to rush through it.
[2019-04-02T16:59:37.105Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Weekly calls: attendance numbers on there
[2019-04-02T17:00:05.592Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... people find the Agenda, action items, accountability Working well
[2019-04-02T17:00:18.124Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... released the raw data via a link
[2019-04-02T17:00:33.996Z]	<Justin_R>	@burn agreed, let's banish JSON-LD ;)
[2019-04-02T17:00:43.429Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Heather: re: the priorities for 2019
[2019-04-02T17:00:56.025Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... technical suggestions outweigh non-technical, 3:1
[2019-04-02T17:00:56.908Z]	<burn>	now now, Justin, that's not what I said.
[2019-04-02T17:01:12.668Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... this is ground zero of the discussion
[2019-04-02T17:01:28.608Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... there is some call for non-technical information and to involve them
[2019-04-02T17:01:44.070Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... but this community doesn't do well in selcoming those people, involving them and harnessing their skills
[2019-04-02T17:02:12.085Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... about 15 people said they were interested in volunteering, about half put in their contact info
[2019-04-02T17:02:23.535Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... but we need a gentle onboarding curve for new people
[2019-04-02T17:02:30.505Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... cannot just throw them into things
[2019-04-02T17:02:44.363Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	+1 Volunteering and getting involved is a great way to get into things
[2019-04-02T17:02:55.446Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-04-02T17:03:05.075Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Heather: q-
[2019-04-02T17:03:09.171Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	q-
[2019-04-02T17:03:10.915Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	q-
[2019-04-02T17:03:45.953Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Heather: A critical community discussion on this divide between technical activity and non-technical people wanting in
[2019-04-02T17:04:25.443Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Kim: Do suggest continuing discussion of this feedback, before deciding what to do next
[2019-04-02T17:04:30.044Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	bye bye
