[Tue 11:04:59] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Aug/0006.html
[Tue 11:05:00] <dlongley>	scribe: dlongley
[Tue 11:05:32] <manu>	Topic: Recruiting
[Tue 11:05:35] <dlongley>	Manu: We'll likely be having similar calls for the next month as we get these documents into shape.
[Tue 11:06:05] <dlongley>	manu: We had a couple of new organizations join thanks to the emails Mark Leuba and John Tibbetts sent out. Thanks very much for that, actually 8 or so more organizations due to that.
[Tue 11:06:19] <dlongley>	manu: I haven't had a chance to update the recruiting document yet.
[Tue 11:06:21] *	dlongley ok
[Tue 11:07:07] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-00000028] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:32] <dlongley>	manu: Maybe by mid this week, Eric, we might want to send another ping around to give people a last chance to say they want to participate.
[Tue 11:08:18] <dlongley>	manu: I'm trying to get in touch with the CEO of Dublin Core to get them onboard. I note that we still don't have many healthcare companies on here so we want to note that with our contacts.
[Tue 11:08:46] <dlongley>	Nate: I reached out to IBM, they are already a W3C member, but their team working on credentials is very interested in this work and hopefully they'll circulate this around.
[Tue 11:09:16] <dlongley>	manu: Are you speaking with Arnaud Lehore (sp)?
[Tue 11:09:22] <dlongley>	NateOtto: No, we've got another high level contact.
[Tue 11:09:36] <dlongley>	manu: We've got people in the Linked Data space interested and so that's good that we've got multiple contacts.
[Tue 11:10:03] <dlongley>	Richard: If someone is talking to IBM is that they own Kenexa which is training and HR stuff and they'll be very interested in that.
[Tue 11:10:07] <dlongley>	manu: Do you have any contacts there?
[Tue 11:10:18] <dlongley>	Richard: No, I just know they are interested in this kind of stuff.
[Tue 11:10:27] <manu>	ACTION: Manu to reach out to Arnaud and James Snell about Credentials and Conexa.
[Tue 11:10:45] <dlongley>	Stone: I know we're having a discussion with IBM right now about some badging stuff, maybe I can also find out who we're talking with over there and make some in roads.
[Tue 11:10:54] <dlongley>	manu: I'll try and send out an email after this call linking all the IBM contacts we know.

[Tue 11:11:18] <dlongley>	manu: I'll send out an email to the effect of "we need a central contact for this"
[Tue 11:13:22] <dlongley>	Eric: I had a conversation last week with Acclaim, and they're working on us with IMS Global, and ... I had a conversation with Peter Jansow from IMS yesterday and he's participating in that project. They said they'll participate in standards groups where they plan to incorporate it into their product. I presume that eventually they'll have to be looking at the standard [bad audio for me]. My sense is that they are a maybe with a capital M. Peter Jansow is the contact there, from Acclaim.
[Tue 11:18:47] <NateOtto>	I only saw two links -- are there 4 ready for internal viewing now?
[Tue 11:21:06] <manu>	Topic: Glossary Document
[Tue 11:21:26] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/glossary/
[Tue 11:21:34] <dlongley>	manu: Based on the hard work that Eric did on an internal document around glossary, I've taken almost all of those definitions, the ones that pertain to this CG, and updated the ReSpec version.
[Tue 11:21:51] <dlongley>	manu: If you look in the terminology section, scroll about 50% of the way down the link in IRC, you'll see the latest and greatest terminology.
[Tue 11:22:36] <gkellogg>	q+ did we loose “requestors” or is it something different now?
[Tue 11:22:36] <voip-cr>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: gkellogg
[Tue 11:22:51] <manu>	ack gkellogg 
[Tue 11:22:52] <voip-cr>	gkellogg has the floor (did we loose “requestors” or is it something different now?).
[Tue 11:22:52] <dlongley>	manu: This is the terminology I've heard used in the group and Eric has documented, so not much should be surprising. I added a few things. I stripped out authorization.io because it's a specific service and glossaries don't generally discuss those. Matt Stone, I know we've got this discussion about earner vs. recipient and we should at some point work through that. If we add earner to the glossary or if we change recipient to earner, etc.
[Tue 11:23:16] <dlongley>	gkellogg: I noticed we updated the Vision document and there's a missing link to "requestor" which has been removed?
[Tue 11:23:28] <dlongley>	manu: Yeah, I think we call them "credential consumer" now. So it should be replaced with that.
[Tue 11:23:32] <dlongley>	gkellogg: Ok, I'll take care of that.
[Tue 11:23:38] <NateOtto>	(earner vs. recipient): I suggest adding a note to the recipient definition that says the recipient is sometimes called the earner.
[Tue 11:24:17] <dlongley>	manu: We don't have to review the glossary on the call today, just a heads up that I think it's aligned with what the group thinks. If you have a spare second please read through it and send review feedback to the mailing list. If you disagree with the text please say "This is what the text says today and this is what I think it should be changed to"
[Tue 11:24:40] <dlongley>	manu: Nate, that's great feedback, please send it to the mailing list so the editors don't lose track of it.
[Tue 11:25:00] <dlongley>	gkellogg: If you can create an issue on the website that makes sure it gets tracked.
[Tue 11:25:16] <dlongley>	gkellogg: A good idea is to transfer things that come in into github issues.
[Tue 11:25:17] <NateOtto>	On credential consumer vs requestor: requestor is an awkward term a little bit, but it is more specific than consumer, because consumers can either be pushed credentials or can pull (request) them.
[Tue 11:25:47] <korb>	https://github.com/mozilla/openbadges-specification/blob/master/Assertion/latest.md
[Tue 11:26:08] <NateOtto>	The link Eric shared is an old version of the Open Badges specification. Latest version at https://openbadgespec.org
[Tue 11:26:22] <dlongley>	Eric: When I first built this I used a lot of the "Assertion" link. We're trying to draw parallels, does it make sense to link back to that spec to create synonymous representations?
[Tue 11:27:14] <gkellogg>	q+
[Tue 11:27:14] <voip-cr>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: gkellogg
[Tue 11:27:17] <dlongley>	Eric: I don't know if we have one on every item but we have a lot of them. There are sometimes things that are duplicated. The context stands alone, but on top of that we have a vernacular with overlap. I think the context needs to be a whole different treatment from what we're doing with this glossary.
[Tue 11:27:20] <NateOtto>	I'll take an action to review this glossary.
[Tue 11:27:37] <dlongley>	manu: I think that's the right approach, the context is far more low-level. There are more terms in there (glossary).
[Tue 11:27:39] <NateOtto>	Good work so far, all.
[Tue 11:27:40] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/glossary/#cross-references
[Tue 11:28:06] <dlongley>	manu: To answer the question, "What do we do with synonyms, etc?" ... the way it should work is we take a glossary term and we cross reference it to "assertion" in the OBI spec.
[Tue 11:28:23] <dlongley>	manu: That makes it clear that when we say "claim" we mean "assertion". I don't know if that's quite true today for that example, but that's how things line up.
[Tue 11:28:30] <dlongley>	manu: That's how we do it with other standards bodies etc.
[Tue 11:28:34] <manu>	ack gkellogg 
[Tue 11:28:35] <voip-cr>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Tue 11:28:35] <dlongley>	manu: With cross references.
[Tue 11:29:44] <dlongley>	gkellogg: There's actually a mechanism specifically referring to external definitions and that's the place to do it. We'll also need an ontology, a prescribed vocabulary for mark up. The context becomes derived from the ontology. Glossary - ontology - context. I have some tools that I've created to manage all of these things in a spreadsheet and emit all the appropriate documents. And when I'm ready we can port those over for our purposes.
[Tue 11:30:03] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, thank you Gregg. We'll definitely need a vocabulary. We've pieced some of that together today with the demo.
[Tue 11:30:03] <NateOtto>	On the glossary topic, here's a sentence that I wrote to show the difference between a few different terms that are often confused in the Open Badges space:
[Tue 11:30:06] <NateOtto>	"An issuer organization decides to start a badge program, so its staff members design a badge system to go with the program’s content delivery and assessment practices. Then they run badge software to issue badges to recipients. "
[Tue 11:30:33] <dlongley>	manu: I think there's an open badges vocab ... it's kind of been an amalgam of a bunch of different vocabs.
[Tue 11:31:06] <dlongley>	Eric: This is for Matt Stone. I looked at the Acclaim API documentation and I noticed that you guys have some specific terms I haven't seen before. I was wondering if you could take a look [bad audio].
[Tue 11:31:43] <dlongley>	Eric: I'll send the link over, in the API documentation on Acclaim, I saw some documentation I hadn't seen before, I saw the term "guarantor" and I was wondering if we should include that in the glossary.
[Tue 11:31:48] <dlongley>	Stone: Yeah, sure.
[Tue 11:32:05] <manu>	Topic: Vision document
[Tue 11:32:09] <dlongley>	Stone: It's "grantor" not "guarantor".
[Tue 11:32:11] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/vision/
[Tue 11:32:25] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Y92W2FjGKb-ECrdXqtPk-nPzfGZ1FVGIVrtex9A437E/edit
[Tue 11:32:32] <gkellogg>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/vision/
[Tue 11:32:39] <voip-cr>	MattStone [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000027] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:33:48] <dlongley>	manu: I went through all of the Web Payment specific things and looked at the goals that we have in our executive summary and tried to elaborate on those. That combined with working on these blog posts has really helped refine, I think, the statements in the vision document. If you look at section 3...
[Tue 11:33:50] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/vision/#desireable-properties-of-a-credentials-architecture
[Tue 11:33:59] <dlongley>	manu: We call them "desirable properties for a credentials architecture"
[Tue 11:34:08] <korb>	https://www.youracclaim.com/docs/issuer_authorizations#get-grantors
[Tue 11:34:13] <dlongley>	Manu reads section 3.
[Tue 11:35:48] <dlongley>	manu: That section translates all of the goals we had written down in our executive summary a few months ago; it puts them into the vision doc in a pretty succinct way. Any questions on the vision doc or where we are with it?
[Tue 11:35:54] <dlongley>	none
[Tue 11:36:11] *	Richard (9051550a@gateway/web/freenode/ip.144.81.85.10) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:36:12] <dlongley>	manu: The next step is review of that document and to send the feedback to the mailing list/github tracker.
[Tue 11:36:35] *	Richard is now known as Guest78109
[Tue 11:37:11] <dlongley>	gkellogg: If we remove the large terminology section that would be good.
[Tue 11:37:21] <dlongley>	manu: Yeah, it should be smaller. I think you have to specify an extra param to do that.
[Tue 11:37:28] <dlongley>	gkellogg: Oh yeah, that's what it is.
[Tue 11:37:51] <dlongley>	manu: I don't know if roadmap, use cases, or capabilities have been updated in the last week. Anything anyone wants to mention on those?
[Tue 11:38:22] <dlongley>	manu: I think we can probably strike discussion of the glossary and vision docs on calls after this one until we get review feedback. There's no real reason to discuss them on calls until then.
[Tue 11:38:38] <korb>	@all I'm out next week.
[Tue 11:38:39] <dlongley>	manu: We do need review comments flowing in, so if we don't see that coming in over the next week we'll ask people to take actions to do it.
[Tue 11:39:19] <dlongley>	manu: Once we get roadmap and use cases into shape that's really good news because that's effectively what an IG would have done. At that point is becomes more difficult for people to suggest we need to create an IG because the output of an IG is those types of docs.
[Tue 11:39:33] <dlongley>	manu: I think we should have a complete set of docs for a WG to pick up by the end of Sept/early Oct.
[Tue 11:39:43] <dlongley>	manu: I think that's it for the call today.
[Tue 11:39:43] <dlongley> Present+ dlehn, brian, tibbetts, rob, andrew
[Tue 11:40:04] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.9-00000023] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:40:05] <voip-cr>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000025] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:40:06] <voip-cr>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-0000001f] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:40:08] <voip-cr>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000001e] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:40:08] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-00000028] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:40:09] <voip-cr>	John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000001a] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:40:09] <voip-cr>	Andrew [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000022] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:40:11] <voip-cr>	Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000001d] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:40:12] <voip-cr>	Gregg Kellogg [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000021] has left the conference.
