[Tue 11:05:45] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Oct/0017.html
[Tue 11:05:49] <manu>	scribe: manu
[Tue 11:05:57] <manu>	Manu: any changes to agenda?
[Tue 11:06:59] <manu>	scribe: stonematt
[Tue 11:07:07] <manu>	Topic: W3C TPAC Credentials Presentation
[Tue 11:07:16] <manu>	Presentation for Wednesday is here: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1644G7jJZbUTpyEGALWj6t4m5kJc-bt90QCfRmW5IRuk/edit?usp=sharing
[Tue 11:07:24] <voip-cr>	12027018067 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001d2] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:51] *	erok210 (~eric.korb@ool-182d4d6d.dyn.optonline.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:08:08] <voip-cr>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001d3] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:08:13] <stonematt>	manu: TPAC is a venue for many W3C working groups.  Many people are interested in learning about new groups
[Tue 11:08:40] <stonematt>	manu: web payments on mon/tues - presentation on Wednesday will focus on gov't, health care, etc.
[Tue 11:09:25] <voip-cr>	12125583175 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001d4] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:39] <manu>	voip: 1d2 is Deb
[Tue 11:09:39] <voip-cr>	Associated Deb with SIP/69.71.222.196-000001d2.
[Tue 11:09:56] <manu>	voip: 1d4 is Rebecca
[Tue 11:09:57] <voip-cr>	Associated Rebecca with SIP/69.71.222.196-000001d4.
[Tue 11:11:06] *	Rebecca_ (2668a762@gateway/web/freenode/ip.38.104.167.98) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:11:24] *	manu Rebecca_ - https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1644G7jJZbUTpyEGALWj6t4m5kJc-bt90QCfRmW5IRuk/edit#slide=id.ge34f68008_0_50
[Tue 11:12:02] <stonematt>	manu: 44 companies responding, many large, interested in identity credentials work.  Gathering evidence to convince W3C to promote this effort to a "Working Group"
[Tue 11:12:52] <stonematt>	manu: trying to get language right.
[Tue 11:14:47] <stonematt>	manu: break slide 2 into a couple slides - too much text here.
[Tue 11:16:24] <stonematt>	slide 3: shows substantial progress to date by CG
[Tue 11:17:05] <stonematt>	slide 4: pivot to industry survey: inventory of business/commercial use cases, also indicating gaps in current capabilities.
[Tue 11:18:38] <stonematt>	manu: stonematt: maybe define "KYC" for non-financial vendors
[Tue 11:23:08] <stonematt>	slide 7-9: more detail from survey
[Tue 11:23:59] <voip-cr>	Nate Otto [SIP/192.168.7.79-000001d5] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:24:10] <voip-cr>	Nate Otto [SIP/192.168.7.79-000001d5] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:24:34] <stonematt>	John: leave order as is on slide 7 - represents a "lifecycle" order rather than order by preference as stonematt suggested
[Tue 11:25:07] <stonematt>	all agreed
[Tue 11:25:33] *	NateOtto (~textual@67.139.72.178) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:26:33] <voip-cr>	15413668863 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001d6] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:27:02] <dlongley>	voip-cr: 01d6 is NateOtto
[Tue 11:27:03] <voip-cr>	Associated NateOtto with SIP/69.71.222.196-000001d6.
[Tue 11:29:17] <Deb>	why aren't  holders a stakeholder in the ecosystem?
[Tue 11:29:22] <stonematt>	slide 10: quick inventory of ecosystem
[Tue 11:30:27] <Deb>	any data about whether methods are meeting holders' needs?
[Tue 11:32:03] <stonematt>	holder example: medical professional, laywers, licensed professionals,
[Tue 11:33:10] <stonematt>	stonematt: are the holders the customer or the product?
[Tue 11:33:52] <Deb>	thanks for including holders- in my arena, students, the holder is the key stakeholder
[Tue 11:35:40] <manu>	stonematt: When issuers are operating - holders are the product?
[Tue 11:36:02] <manu>	manu: That's one way to look at it - another is that holders get to hold their own product (themselves) in a vault.
[Tue 11:36:07] <erok210>	holders are entities?
[Tue 11:36:19] <manu>	stonematt: Holders are customers - but they do get lost in the mix.
[Tue 11:37:39] <stonematt>	slide 11: shows interest form organizations aren't members yet. - the member pie gets bigger
[Tue 11:38:17] <stonematt>	slide 12: call to action.
[Tue 11:41:06] <NateOtto>	A very rapid workshop after a meeting would be good, or a face to face early next year. I would commit to attending.
[Tue 11:43:46] <dlongley>	+1 to fast tracking as much as possible
[Tue 11:44:02] <dlongley>	+1 to WG asap.
[Tue 11:44:17] <NateOtto>	+1 would like a Working Group around these problems and solutions
[Tue 11:44:50] <JohnTib>	+1 to WG
[Tue 11:46:15] <erok210>	+1 to WG
[Tue 11:46:30] <stonematt>	manu: Wait, are people pushing for a WG or an IG?
[Tue 11:46:37] <erok210>	EK wants to Push!
[Tue 11:48:11] <stonematt>	manu: IG is an "easy sell" - they don't do the technical work.  our CG has been pretty similar to IG, but IG will introduce W3C approval process
[Tue 11:48:47] <stonematt>	manu: IG starts to narrow the scope, WG are very focused on the technical problem/solution
[Tue 11:50:09] *	Guest11607 has quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)
[Tue 11:50:14] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to Rebecca Simmons
[Tue 11:50:38] <manu>	scribenick: manu
[Tue 11:50:38] <manu>	Rebecca: I work out of NYC - I work in payments, represent banks, financial institutions  (clearing and settlement) as a lawyer at Sullivan and Cromwell.
[Tue 11:50:57] <manu>	Rebecca: Getting involved in virtual currencies - met Manu at Chicago Payment conference - this is interesting - and where things are moving.
[Tue 11:51:09] <manu>	Rebecca: I worked on regulatory front for Identrust
[Tue 11:51:22] *	manu stonematt I can take over scribing :)
[Tue 11:51:40] <manu>	Rebecca: I have an extensive background in commercial law - working on UCC (Universal Commercial Code)
[Tue 11:52:47] <manu>	Rebecca: We're trying to figure out how to adjust law to meet new tech needs and vice versa.
[Tue 11:54:25] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to Deb Everhart
[Tue 11:55:00] <manu>	deb: I'm Deb Everhart (@ariadne4444) - formerly at Blackboard - academic and learning credentials - which is exploding right now - working on several working groups and research projects. I chaired the endorsement working group in badge alliance.
[Tue 11:53:16] <manu>	Topic: Linked Data Signatures Update
[Tue 11:53:14] <dlongley>	https://web-payments.org/specs/source/ld-signatures/
[Tue 11:53:50] <manu>	dlongley: This is the most recent update to the Linked Data Signatures spec - this update was primarily about two things - first thing was getting this specification in shape so we can remove things that are unnecessary and move them to other specs.
[Tue 11:55:59] <manu>	dlongley: Removing stuff in the spec that didn't have to do with signatures - update spec to use new normalization algorithm - that spec has also been updated.
[Tue 11:56:23] <manu>	dlongley: With credentials that we're creating - we need to be able to sign credentials and compose identities - composing identity means being able to select credentials that specify attributes about an identity.
[Tue 11:56:45] <manu>	dlongley: It's not a complete view about the identity, just specific attributes - once you have composed identity, you need to be able to sign it before you hand it over to someone.
[Tue 11:56:55] *	NateOtto (~textual@67.139.72.178) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:57:26] <manu>	dlongley: Being able to do that requires new normalization and signature algorithms - this spec was updated reccently to use this new algorithm and remove bits of the spec that don't need to be in there. This is for more technically minded people - if you have questions about signatures for credentials - we need to address issues in the spec.
[Tue 11:57:57] <manu>	dlongley: We need to work on algorithm agility, as crypto changes over time we can update easily, etc. we have issues in there noting these items. This spec is much simpler/shorter than it used to be.
[Tue 11:58:13] <manu>	Topic: HTTP Signatures Update
[Tue 11:58:21] <manu>	scribe: dlongley
[Tue 11:58:21] <manu>	https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-cavage-http-signatures-05
[Tue 11:59:10] <dlongley>	manu: The HTTP Signatures spec has been updated as well. These are the nuts and bolts that make the credentials ecosystem work. The Linked Data Signatures spec is fairly high-level and is in the W3C domain, and the HTTP signatures spec is low-level and in the IETF domain. So we use the HTTP Signatures spec to let software running on your behalf do certain things.
[Tue 12:00:13] <dlongley>	manu: For example, searching for jobs, applying for new positions, ordering medication you need, we expect software to be able to do that and we use the HTTP signatures spec for that. It's been in development for ~4 years it's been stabilizing over the last 2 years. Henry Story from the Social Web WG is working on an implementation of the HTTP Signatures spec, Joyent has one in use already.
[Tue 12:00:35] <dlongley>	manu: There aren't any real updates to the spec other than updating the author information and draft expiration date.
[Tue 12:00:55] <dlongley>	manu: Next week is W3C TPAC, we're canceling calls for that. But we'll have calls the following week with a lot to discuss.
[Tue 12:00:59] <dlongley>	manu: So no call next week.
[Tue 12:01:24] <dlongley>	John: Send out an email with results so we don't have to wait so long? :)
[Tue 12:01:27] <dlongley>	manu: Ok.
[Tue 12:01:27] <voip-cr>	Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-000001c6] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:28] *	StuartSutton (~StuartSut@c-50-185-98-120.hsd1.ca.comcast.net) has left #credentials
[Tue 12:01:29] <voip-cr>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000001c7] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:29] <voip-cr>	Sunny Lee [SIP/45.48.18.78-000001d1] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:29] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.110-000001c9] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:31] <voip-cr>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000001ce] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:31] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-000001c8] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:31] *	Deb has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 12:01:32] <voip-cr>	Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-000001ca] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:32] <voip-cr>	John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-000001cd] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:34] *	Guest99642 has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 12:01:36] *	erok210 has quit (Quit: Leaving)
[Tue 12:01:38] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:01:39] <voip-cr>	Conference participants are: Annie [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001cc], stonematt [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001d0], Deb [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001d2], Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001d3], Rebecca [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001d4], NateOtto [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001d6].
[Tue 12:01:42] <manu>	voip: disconnect 1cc
[Tue 12:01:42] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting Annie [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001cc].
[Tue 12:01:42] <voip-cr>	Annie [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001cc] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:44] <manu>	voip: disconnect 1d0
[Tue 12:01:45] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting stonematt [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001d0].
[Tue 12:01:45] <voip-cr>	stonematt [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001d0] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:46] <manu>	voip: disconnect 1d2
[Tue 12:01:46] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting Deb [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001d2].
[Tue 12:01:46] <voip-cr>	Deb [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001d2] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:48] <manu>	voip: disconnect 1d3
[Tue 12:01:48] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001d3].
[Tue 12:01:48] <voip-cr>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001d3] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:49] <manu>	voip: disconnect 1dd
[Tue 12:01:50] <voip-cr>	Failed to disconnect "1dd"; unrecognized channel.
[Tue 12:01:51] <manu>	voip: disconnect 1d4
[Tue 12:01:51] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting Rebecca [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001d4].
[Tue 12:01:51] <voip-cr>	Rebecca [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001d4] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:52] *	stonematt (~ustonma@159.182.1.4) has left #credentials
[Tue 12:01:53] <manu>	voip: disconnect 1d6
[Tue 12:01:53] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting NateOtto [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001d6].
[Tue 12:01:53] <voip-cr>	NateOtto [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001d6] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:53] <voip-cr>	No one is in the conference.
[Tue 12:01:53] *	voip-cr has quit (Quit: Shutting down...)
[Tue 12:01:57] <manu>	Present+ Sunny, Nate, Annie, Stuart, Rob, Brian, taaz
