[Tue 11:06:00] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Mar/0059.html
[Tue 11:06:47] <gkellogg>	scribe: gkellogg
[Tue 11:06:01] *	ShaneM and muted
[Tue 11:06:47] <gkellogg>	manu: talking about W3C meeting and SpecOps.
[Tue 11:07:12] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to Todd Albers
[Tue 11:07:24] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000009c1] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:29] *	manu Todd Albers?
[Tue 11:07:45] <voip-vctf>	12125583175 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000009c2] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:48] <gkellogg>	todd_a: I’m Todd Albers, work for US Federal Reserve Bank. I’m interested in the different use cases as it relates to credentials.
[Tue 11:08:08] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-000009c3] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:08:14] <gkellogg>	… My background is in web apps and have worked in SaaS with credit cards.
[Tue 11:08:42] *	CarlaCasilli (~CarlaCasilli@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:08:50] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-000009c3] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:09:00] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:09:00] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: ColleenKennedy [SIP/69.65.34.216-000009b4], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.174-000009b5], DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-000009b6], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000009b7], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000009b8], Rob Trainer [SIP/108.40.126.181-000009ba], Todd [SIP/69.65.34.216-000009b9], EricKorb [SIP/69.65.34.216-000009bc], Shane McCarron [SIP/Callcentric.com-000009be], RichardVarn [SIP/69.65.34.216-000009bf], Matt Stone
[Tue 11:09:00] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/sip.linphone.org-000009c1], 12125583175 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000009c2].
[Tue 11:09:02] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-000009c5] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:23] <manu>	Topic: W3C Advisory Committee Summary
[Tue 11:09:30] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-000009c5] has left the conference.

[Tue 11:09:43] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-000009c6] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:07] <gkellogg>	manu: We started circulating a draft charter for VCWG. We tried to paint a picture of what the WG would look like based on 42 respnoses to survey, and the 12+ people we interviewed around the charter.
[Tue 11:10:10] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-000009c6] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:10:17] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/charter/vcwg-draft.html
[Tue 11:10:22] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-000009c8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:31] <gkellogg>	… We also showed use cases.
[Tue 11:10:32] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/use-cases/
[Tue 11:10:50] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-000009c8] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:11:07] *	Richard (~Richard@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:11:18] *	CarlaCasilli has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:11:23] <gkellogg>	… We focused primarily around credentials uses for payments. Initial feedback is that they would like to see it broader (e.g., Healthcare and Education). The discussions last week at the Advisory Committee reinforced that.
[Tue 11:11:51] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-000009cb] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:12:04] <gkellogg>	… We did a number of interviews to see what they thought about the work. A number of respondents were very cautious, due to previous failures in the space (OpenID Connect, SAML, …).
[Tue 11:12:07] *	CarlaCasilli (~CarlaCasilli@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:13:08] <gkellogg>	… There was some pushback questioning why this work was different. We were able to sit down with them (Dan Applequist). He’d like to see more general language at the beginning of the doc to make it clear what problem we’re trying to solve.
[Tue 11:13:37] <gkellogg>	… We spoke with the AC Rep from Apple (David Singer) who was also cautious.
[Tue 11:14:52] <gkellogg>	… We also spoke with Harry Halpin, who has been most strongly opposed to the work. We indicated that the charter was modified due to his input. He thought this was a positive step, but had not reviewed the charter. He raised an issue on our claim of consensus to create a charter. I went through the list of people, and he had no response to that. (He’d like to see the list).
[Tue 11:15:45] <gkellogg>	… We brought up VC, and I didn’t hear any strong objection to the work. There are upwards of 400 members, and we would need to respond if we get any formal objections.
[Tue 11:16:19] <gkellogg>	shaneM: I didn’t hear anything negative. I did hear was intereset from quarters I hadn’t expected, where there are uses we hadn’t expected.
[Tue 11:17:05] <gkellogg>	manu: Web Annotations would like something like this to not who author is, also RIAA and MPAA for noting artists and royalties.
[Tue 11:17:58] <gkellogg>	… All in all, it was really good; it didn’t seem like anyone was surprized or came out of left field. We talked with W3CM (Jeff Jaffe) who wanted to see how it was going, and to see who would be Staff contact for this work.
[Tue 11:18:26] <gkellogg>	… I mentioned that gkellogg is a front-runner as far as being a staff contact, but we need to find funding, but others may come up too.
[Tue 11:19:08] <CarlaCasilli>	feels like a good time to say Yay!
[Tue 11:19:30] <gkellogg>	Topic: Next Steps (in the next 4-6 weeks)
[Tue 11:19:30] <gkellogg>	Manu: It’s up to us now, and there doesn’t seem to be anyone standing in the way. We could bring it in front of the W3C Membership for a formal vote sooner or later. We need to be sure it’s structured to have a very good chance of success. What comes next is getting people who are going to show up every week, engage, and get the hard work done over the next 2 years.
[Tue 11:19:30] *	ShaneM and muted/
[Tue 11:19:38] <voip-vctf>	15108154110 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000009d1] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:19:40] *	ShaneM and muted/
[Tue 11:19:50] <ShaneM>	We did say we would circle back with the interviewees.  Has that been done?
[Tue 11:20:29] <gkellogg>	… We’re going to ask people for committments, show up, join W3C, etc. If we don’t get at least 20 W3C members voting for it, and at least 15 people who show up regularly. Good news is that we’ve had that engagement so far, but people need to commit to join the W3C.
[Tue 11:20:48] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/Callcentric.com-000009be] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:21:19] <gkellogg>	… We need to hire a W3C Fellow, make test suites, and so forth, and that takes money. We’re at the point where it needs funding for us to start. If we start without that in place, the work could falter.
[Tue 11:21:40] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/Callcentric.com-000009d2] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:21:53] <gkellogg>	… We haven’t yet circled back with interviewees, and survey respondents this week. There’s a question of if we should create a committment questionaire.
[Tue 11:22:17] <ShaneM>	q+ to ask about charter
[Tue 11:22:17] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: ShaneM
[Tue 11:22:19] <Richard>	Can you summarize the to dos?
[Tue 11:22:32] <manu>	ack ShaneM 
[Tue 11:22:32] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor (to ask about charter).
[Tue 11:22:50] <gkellogg>	shanem: We said we would formally circle back.
[Tue 11:22:54] *	dlongley he dropped off when you answered it
[Tue 11:23:07] <CarlaCasilli>	what's the minimum number of required participants?
[Tue 11:23:12] *	equalsAndy (~equalsAndy@public.cloak) has joined #vctf

[Tue 11:23:22] <gkellogg>	manu: you missed that, we haven’t yet done that and need to do it this week. I’m wondering if we should have a questionaire to see if people would participate, object or something else.
[Tue 11:24:35] <gkellogg>	manu: Richard asked about ToDo’s. The first thing is to notify interviewees that we have a charter and want to forge ahead. Do they see any issues. Then we need to get back with Survey respondents (23 or so).
[Tue 11:25:00] <Richard>	Don't forget Lumina
[Tue 11:25:08] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000009d5] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:25:16] <gkellogg>	Manu: Then we need to push key organizations for informal reviews of the charter (Bloomberg, Fed Reserve, B&M Gates Foundations, EMS, Pearson, …) need to get them on the record.
[Tue 11:25:49] <gkellogg>	… The faster we get to 20 commitments, the better, but we should shoot for 50 organizations supporting the work.
[Tue 11:26:25] <gkellogg>	… It takes 20-25 yes votes to start. There must be at least 10 participants on each call.
[Tue 11:26:56] <CarlaCasilli>	great, thanks.
[Tue 11:27:00] <gkellogg>	manu: Those are low bars. The Web Payments IG has 47 organizations and 112 participants; I’d like to do at least as well.
[Tue 11:28:00] <gkellogg>	… Once we get to that point, the charter will go up for formal review. There’s 1-2 months for review and voting. W3C will review votes and handle objections, and hopefully, we’ll have a WG after that. Timeline is still end of July to start the WG.
[Tue 11:28:24] <Richard>	Are we reasonably sure the vested interests and browser makers will not object?
[Tue 11:29:03] <gkellogg>	manu: We don’t see any objections on the horizon.
[Tue 11:29:00] <Richard>	cool
[Tue 11:28:29] <gkellogg>	manu: We’re predicting 18-24 months to do the work. We could do in 12 months if everything goes according to plan (but it never does).
[Tue 11:29:58] <gkellogg>	… We’re releasing a blog post about our experiences with the Web Payments group so far: things have not gone well, at least when it came to our group creating a bunch of specs and putting it into a WG. We tried to get browser vendors on board, but bad things happened.
[Tue 11:30:17] <Richard>	understood
[Tue 11:30:26] <dlongley>	but hopefully a lot will be mitigated by starting small
[Tue 11:30:52] <gkellogg>	… Even though we’ve asked and giving notification, and we’re not doing protocol, which they care about, there are no guarantees. The WPIG is an example of how things can fall apart. That’s one of the biggest concerns we have, how to mitigate risks of powerful groups coming in and disrupting the process.
[Tue 11:31:40] <dlongley>	some of that vision will have started to actualize, so it can be seen/understood by new players more easily.
[Tue 11:31:46] <dlongley>	if we have implementations out there.
[Tue 11:31:48] <gkellogg>	… As dlongley says, starting small and getting deployments is key. Having deployments in an industry before it comes into W3C is a good thing, as it validates the vision, and shows that it can’t be easily moved. Its a risk we need to understand
[Tue 11:32:58] <manu>	ACTION: Manu to contact interviewees and survey respondents with charter and use cases and questionnaire.
[Tue 11:32:58] <manu>	ACTION: Shane to update use cases to make them broader than payments (based on feedback at W3C AC Meeting)
[Tue 11:33:22] <gkellogg>	manu: I’ll also create the survey and put it out to the group.
[Tue 11:33:42] <ShaneM>	+1 to reviewing the use case document
[Tue 11:33:51] <gkellogg>	… We need to take a closer look at the use cases document to make sure everyone understands it. Particularly as people think it’s too focused on payments.
[Tue 11:34:00] <ShaneM>	I would also like to start (again) working on the extended use cases
[Tue 11:34:01] <stone>	Action: Matt Stone to review use cases.
[Tue 11:34:25] <Richard>	Action: Richard Varn to review use cases.
[Tue 11:34:28] <gkellogg>	Action: Eric Korb to review use cases.
[Tue 11:34:29] <ShaneM>	q+ to ask where we should locate the extended use cases?
[Tue 11:34:29] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: ShaneM
[Tue 11:34:38] <manu>	q+ stone
[Tue 11:34:38] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: ShaneM, stone
[Tue 11:34:41] <manu>	ack ShaneM
[Tue 11:34:41] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor (to ask where we should locate the extended use cases?).
[Tue 11:35:13] <gkellogg>	shanem: We talked about an extended use-case document (the “vision” thing). Where should it live, in CG or as adjunct document within VCTF?)
[Tue 11:35:35] <manu>	ack stone
[Tue 11:35:35] <voip-vctf>	stone has the floor.
[Tue 11:35:35] <gkellogg>	manu: I’d suggest in CG for now. I’m concerned about handing a document over to a group that won’t tend to it long term.
[Tue 11:36:22] <gkellogg>	stone: I was going to ask where we are going to manage other workspaces and have a sand-box to flesh it out. Do we have a vision for how to bring in other industries? We could add example uses cases for each flow in each industry.
[Tue 11:36:56] <gkellogg>	manu: We don’t have anything solid in mind right now. Just repeating the use case for each industry isn’t useful, but spreading around the use case descriptions among 5-6 industries would be useful.
[Tue 11:37:07] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/Callcentric.com-000009d2] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:37:22] <gkellogg>	stone: would it make sense to have a meta-use case to show creating, issuing, verifying across different use cases?
[Tue 11:37:30] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/Callcentric.com-000009d6] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:37:47] <CarlaCasilli>	what's the timeframe for review and editing?
[Tue 11:37:49] *	dlongley happy 15.5 minutes, Shane!
[Tue 11:37:52] <gkellogg>	manu: I think the editors have worked on some of these already. You might point out flows which are missing. Adding 2-3 more flows would be useful.
[Tue 11:38:17] <CarlaCasilli>	okay, just wanted to know if it was by 12pm ET. ;)
[Tue 11:38:34] <CarlaCasilli>	ACTION: Carla Casilli to review use cases.
[Tue 11:38:40] <gkellogg>	… Realistically, we need another month to do this work. But, really ASAP. Reviews should be in by the end of this week so we can review it.
[Tue 11:38:58] <todd_a>	i can help with the review as well
[Tue 11:39:15] <gkellogg>	ACTION: Todd Albers to review use cases.
[Tue 11:39:15] <gkellogg>	manu: shanem and other editors are in charge of getting use cases cross-industrty.
[Tue 11:40:10] <gkellogg>	… Next week, we’ll try and see how we’re doing with commitments; we’re going to need everyone’s help to get commitments for this work.
[Tue 11:40:38] <gkellogg>	… Then we need to be sure the work is well-funded, so we don’t languish.

[Tue 11:41:04] <manu>	Topic: Spec Ops
[Tue 11:41:07] <gkellogg>	stone: This is the first W3C I’ve participated in so actively. You’ve mentioned funding; can you briefly tell us how that works?
[Tue 11:41:58] <gkellogg>	manu: We’re doing something a bit different than the way W3C groups typically run. VC and Credentials is a “charged” topic; there have been failures in the past and people are nervous about it. We’ve done a good job in making something achievable.
[Tue 11:43:47] <gkellogg>	… Typically, you create a charter, and companies join. But, when the work starts, they typically send people to do the work that are stretched too thin. A number of WG’s I’ve participating in, the vast amount of work is done by Volunteers (Invited Experts). This is a skill that people acquire over years, which can slow down the work.
[Tue 11:44:39] <gkellogg>	… The question is, do we depend on companies to do the work, or do we hire people to support us through the process, that’s what Spec Ops is about (Specification Operations). It was set up to accellerate the process of doing standards work, so we don’t hit the typical snags.
[Tue 11:46:00] <gkellogg>	… We need folks like ShaneM, he’s the projects manager at SpecOps; same with Gregg and Dan. It’s highly unlikelly that W3C will staff the work.
[Tue 11:46:29] *	dlongley and staff is swamped already.
[Tue 11:46:54] <gkellogg>	… We don’t have a good response, as no current W3C staff member has jumped at it; a failed effort reflects badly on the staff, and noone has an appitite for the work, and they’re swamped. We’re going to have to bring in someone from the outside.
[Tue 11:47:07] <ShaneM>	q+ to talk about staffing and spec-ops
[Tue 11:47:07] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: ShaneM
[Tue 11:47:27] <gkellogg>	… A company can fund a “W3C Fellow” to do such work. A number of us have been through this process before, which helps us out.
[Tue 11:47:27] <manu>	ack ShaneM 
[Tue 11:47:27] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor (to talk about staffing and spec-ops).
[Tue 11:48:44] <gkellogg>	ShaneM: It’s also not clear to me who at W3C would staff this; picking a Fellow to staff is probably the best way to make it happen. I don’t want anyone to think that SpecOps is strong-arming the group to go in a particular direction.
[Tue 11:49:30] *	dlongley someone has to do the technical work -- and those are the people we're talking about.
[Tue 11:49:49] <gkellogg>	… We’re not saying you need to buy a standard, but work like this needs dedicated people doing the work. There’s a lot of cross-group coordination needed, which is something the staff contact makes happen. SpecOps is about finding such experts and getting them into the work.
[Tue 11:50:10] <ShaneM>	https://spec-ops.io
[Tue 11:50:17] <gkellogg>	stone: Is it fair to thing about SpecOps as staff augmentation for W3C?
[Tue 11:50:59] <gkellogg>	manu: Yes. To be clear, this is not about paying SpecOps to get the standard through the door, but there is stuff that needs to be done that large organizations don’t know how to do. This causes the standard to slow or stop.
[Tue 11:51:45] <gkellogg>	… If a number of organizations join and staff with good technologists, that’s great! (This rarely happens). Because of the high risk of people pointing to this and saying “I told you so”, I’m particularly concerned.
[Tue 11:52:15] <gkellogg>	… If it starts out and it turns out there’s a large number of qualified people, then we won’t need SpecOps, but I’ve rarely seen that happen (maybe once).
[Tue 11:52:57] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/Callcentric.com-000009d6] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:53:03] <gkellogg>	ShaneM: Its my job as Projects Manager for SpecOps to answer such questions, so please contact me.
[Tue 11:53:15] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/Callcentric.com-000009d7] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:53:37] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/Callcentric.com-000009d8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:53:42] *	ShaneM is frustrated with technology
[Tue 11:53:54] <gkellogg>	manu: Spec editing is hard to staff, as is test-suite generation. There are a number of technologies we depend on that need to be created, WebDHT, RDF Normalization, … A new group needs to be started to make this stuff work.
[Tue 11:54:02] <stone>	+1 (empathy) to ShaneM
[Tue 11:54:04] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/Callcentric.com-000009d8] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:54:13] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/Callcentric.com-000009d9] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:55:09] <gkellogg>	… when we start a WG we need an idea about how this work is going to happen. Right now, we don’t have a solid plan for RDF Normalization, LD Signatures, WebDHT or decentralized identifier work. Without those technologies, we don’t have portable credentials.
[Tue 11:56:18] <gkellogg>	ShaneM: For example, the Web Annotation WG asked me to attend last week. They’ve done a lot of work on a JSON-LD-based mechnisms for annotation, but got to the end without realizing they had no testing infrastructure.
[Tue 11:56:19] *	dlongley note: spec-ops creates *open source* technology we can all use
[Tue 11:56:51] <gkellogg>	manu: As dlongley says, SpecOps creates technology that is broadly available.
[Tue 11:57:44] <gkellogg>	manu: We’ll focus on use cases, responses and survey for the rest of the week.
[Tue 11:58:00] <CarlaCasilli>	thanks, all! bye
[Tue 11:58:00] <manu>	Present+ taaz, burn, rob, equalsAndy, kennedy
