[2019-04-25T20:03:24.937Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2019-04-25T20:03:30.651Z]	<manu>	present+
[2019-04-25T20:03:37.315Z]	<rhiaro>	scribenick: rhiaro
[2019-04-25T20:06:32.715Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: reminds everyone that this is being recorded, and you should be a member of the CCG to make substantive contributions
[2019-04-25T20:06:48.615Z]	<ken>	present+
[2019-04-25T20:07:35.055Z]	<rhiaro>	TOPIC: Agenda
[2019-04-25T20:07:37.440Z]	<brent>	present+ Brent_Zundel
[2019-04-25T20:07:51.309Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: we can start with an update about the abnf pr, and then we could talk about the decentralisation discussion
[2019-04-25T20:07:59.699Z]	<rhiaro>	... and we have 2 concrete open issues
[2019-04-25T20:08:07.160Z]	<rhiaro>	... these calls are supposed to be a time we can close issues
[2019-04-25T20:08:13.020Z]	<rhiaro>	... the issues have nothing to do with the abnf or the decentralisation topic
[2019-04-25T20:08:17.394Z]	<rhiaro>	... we could make progress on them
[2019-04-25T20:08:36.765Z]	<rhiaro>	... these are the topics, and the we could talk about logistics for IIW and then to continue the calls after that
[2019-04-25T20:09:08.072Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: while we're waiting do we want to chat about stuff where drummond isn't required?
[2019-04-25T20:09:22.159Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: I won't be at IIW
[2019-04-25T20:09:24.902Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: neither will I
[2019-04-25T20:09:24.980Z]	<burn>	present+
[2019-04-25T20:09:29.923Z]	<rhiaro>	... but everyone else just about will be
[2019-04-25T20:09:38.141Z]	<rhiaro>	JoeAndrieu: I will, who else will?
[2019-04-25T20:09:42.392Z]	<rhiaro>	jonnycrunch: I will
[2019-04-25T20:09:49.686Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: dan burnett and kim duffy will be there
[2019-04-25T20:09:49.859Z]	<yancy>	I will not probably
[2019-04-25T20:09:52.136Z]	<rhiaro>	ken: won't be there
[2019-04-25T20:10:20.385Z]	<rhiaro>	JoeAndrieu: I'd suggest if we could get some progress today on some framing of the decentralised enough question, I think it'd be great to run a session to socialise that and get more feedback
[2019-04-25T20:10:23.042Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: yep
[2019-04-25T20:10:55.380Z]	<rhiaro>	... the other concner I have about IIW is that because there's goign to be a subset of us that are not there, people get together in a session, 'make some decisions' and then bring it back to the group and that results in a 'wait a second' and we have to rewind. At the same time it's great to get in the room to talk about something
[2019-04-25T20:11:20.700Z]	<rhiaro>	... I'm particularly concerned about conversations around some of the DID stuff, conversations that potentially.. certian subset of the industry getting together and deciding one thing where it's not something that another subset is okay with
[2019-04-25T20:11:44.145Z]	<rhiaro>	... traditionally there has been a JWT/JOSE camp an OpenID camp that gets together and decides a whole bunch of stuff and then all of a sudden we spend weeks unravelling that in the community group
[2019-04-25T20:12:02.783Z]	<drummond>	present+
[2019-04-25T20:12:08.142Z]	<rhiaro>	... I don't know how we address that, it may be just something as simple as people in the room point out what's happening and we take it back to the ccg to get full blown buy in, especially to do with the DID spec
[2019-04-25T20:12:13.041Z]	<rhiaro>	JoeAndrieu: I agree with that concern
[2019-04-25T20:12:21.753Z]	<drummond>	Sorry to be so late
[2019-04-25T20:12:28.491Z]	<rhiaro>	... we're going to have opportunities to avoid it becuase some of what happens is the spec writers show up at IIW and lock themselves in a room and push out the next version of the spec
[2019-04-25T20:12:47.027Z]	<rhiaro>	... We only have 1 of the spec editors at IIW so I think on some level there isnt' a quorum there to make anys ubstantive decisions
[2019-04-25T20:12:59.845Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: I'll lock myself in a room and finish the spec. Might let you peek.
[2019-04-25T20:13:08.101Z]	<rhiaro>	... (jk)
[2019-04-25T20:13:22.161Z]	<drummond>	Amy, is it impossible to get ANYTHING by you?? :-)
[2019-04-25T20:13:36.969Z]	<drummond>	The scribe of all scribes
[2019-04-25T20:13:40.959Z]	<rhiaro>	JoeAndrieu: with the 'decentralised enough' conversation, we're all trying to solve the same thing, we need to work out the requirements to do that
[2019-04-25T20:13:57.687Z]	<rhiaro>	... that feels morelike useful engagment in the community than the spec text
[2019-04-25T20:14:50.506Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: Joe, on the last ccg call you said you have insights or theses around how we can approach this, you said about holding sessions at IIW to talk about that. We put that on the agenda for this call to say is there a discussion or prep you want to do on this call today to help plant hte seeds for that? what is appropriate to talk about on this call?
[2019-04-25T20:15:32.641Z]	<rhiaro>	JoeAndrieu: my proposal for today, I might be able to put something on the table that maybe is the seed of an idea that we can present at IIW for community feedback
[2019-04-25T20:15:48.545Z]	<rhiaro>	... in half hour or 45 minutes today if we can get some directions that feels like we're on the same page, that would be a good focus for today
[2019-04-25T20:15:56.404Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: that's what I was hoping you'd say
[2019-04-25T20:17:47.090Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: there are still questions on the abnf pr
[2019-04-25T20:17:57.689Z]	<rhiaro>	... I wanted to check back about any major concerns with the abnf?
[2019-04-25T20:18:01.481Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-04-25T20:18:19.727Z]	<yancy>	q+
[2019-04-25T20:18:37.918Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: I haven't seen any oppositon to the matrix parameters itself or the abnf itself. There's some discussion about how the params would work and which are universal and which are method specific and which are optional and if they are supported would they be required to work the same way across the DID methods that do support them and what params we want to list
[2019-04-25T20:18:48.732Z]	<rhiaro>	... will take some time to figure that out
[2019-04-25T20:18:59.391Z]	<rhiaro>	... but the concept of having the params themselves hasn't been objected to
[2019-04-25T20:19:23.204Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: Just a checkin with the group to make sure we're not glossing over anything, but we weren't actually proposing.. we're going to get back to that
[2019-04-25T20:19:32.495Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q?
[2019-04-25T20:19:34.451Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack manu
[2019-04-25T20:19:49.159Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: I was not here last week.. we have been discussing this internally at Digital Bazaar and there are a number of concerns. I think the PR is trying to do too much in one PR
[2019-04-25T20:20:20.115Z]	<rhiaro>	... if it was just forthe abnf I'd see it going through much faster, than with the other stuff with the matrix parameters. It feels like there's a lot .. each one of those could be a fairly lengthy discussion and because of that I feel the PR is going to be held up longer than it needs to be
[2019-04-25T20:20:24.200Z]	<rhiaro>	<rhiaro> +1
[2019-04-25T20:20:28.209Z]	<rhiaro>	... I'll do a full review.
[2019-04-25T20:20:35.321Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ Joe_Andrieu
[2019-04-25T20:20:39.253Z]	<rhiaro>	... The other issue is I'm working on the VC issues so my workload is really heavy and I haven't been able to reivew it in depth
[2019-04-25T20:21:05.289Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-04-25T20:21:23.839Z]	<rhiaro>	... markus if we can split this into 2 PRs where one is the abnf I can concede that it seems that everyone is okay with matrix params but the other bits where we talk about all of the different types of parameters that could be in there, there are a number in there that are.. like key for example, getting a key from the DID Document by id feels like that's exactly what the fragment ids for the keys should be capable of doing so I don't understand why
[2019-04-25T20:21:23.839Z]	<rhiaro>	 that's in there
[2019-04-25T20:21:39.370Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to support splitting ABNF and specific parameter proposal
[2019-04-25T20:21:56.918Z]	<rhiaro>	... the same kind of thing for some of the other itmes. I think we can make the PR less controversial by just split it into the ABNF and then we can discuss that and then for every new type of parameter name that we want to add let's make that a different PR and debate it separately. Some would go in quickly some might now
[2019-04-25T20:22:20.269Z]	<rhiaro>	... The other concern I have about the PR is it feels like there is some kind of layering violation going on where we have things to do with resolution and things that have to do with items in the DID Document and it feels like we're mixing the 2 with the parameter names
[2019-04-25T20:22:32.971Z]	<rhiaro>	... for example the key parameter
[2019-04-25T20:22:47.341Z]	<rhiaro>	... just a suggestion on making it go a bit faster, I can go in and comment but didn't want to do that if we're going to split the PR into multiple PRs
[2019-04-25T20:22:54.153Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: I think that's a great idea, I can do that quickly
[2019-04-25T20:22:59.326Z]	<rhiaro>	... I can split it up tomorrow
[2019-04-25T20:23:06.187Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-04-25T20:23:25.857Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q?
[2019-04-25T20:23:30.033Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: the other concner I had.. has anyone talked to anyone who worked on the original matrix parameters stuff.. was sandro around, or has anyone been able to talk to tim? the folks that proposed it and worked on it, why did it not catch on?
[2019-04-25T20:23:38.209Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-04-25T20:23:41.305Z]	<rhiaro>	... I haven't been able to find anyone that's been able to explain. I feel concern that we may be missing something. Or not. Heard nothing eithe rway
[2019-04-25T20:23:52.710Z]	<drummond>	ack yancy
[2019-04-25T20:24:10.056Z]	<rhiaro>	yancy: I wanted to clarify .. I agree with what manu was saying about resolution and keying into items on the document being munged together
[2019-04-25T20:24:50.129Z]	<rhiaro>	... also to say that it doesn't really feel like the comment that I raised was really understood. It feels like the wording in the spec says very strongly that parameters that must operate uniformly across DID methods make it sound like all DID methods must implement these params
[2019-04-25T20:24:58.544Z]	<rhiaro>	... just looking for some clarification on if I'm misinterpreting that
[2019-04-25T20:25:04.191Z]	<rhiaro>	... or if there's a plan to change it based on my comment
[2019-04-25T20:25:05.293Z]	<manu>	+1 to yancy's concern
[2019-04-25T20:25:11.478Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-04-25T20:25:30.995Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack drummond
[2019-04-25T20:26:07.164Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: we can definitely improve the language ot make it clear that the goal of the generic parameters is that they produce the same result. A classic example is if there's a service parameter, use it to select a service for the DID Document. It means if your DID Document have services, this parameter selects a service. A method cannot turn around and say in our method the service param does something else. If you want to do something else write a
[2019-04-25T20:26:07.164Z]	<rhiaro>	 method specific parameter
[2019-04-25T20:26:14.162Z]	<rhiaro>	... If the text is not clear about that let's definitely fix it so that's clear
[2019-04-25T20:26:25.767Z]	<rhiaro>	... we are absolutely not saying that any method has to implement all generic parameters
[2019-04-25T20:26:34.885Z]	<rhiaro>	... just that *if* they do it's supposed to have the same result
[2019-04-25T20:26:43.017Z]	<rhiaro>	... in retrospect I completely agree with manu's statement
[2019-04-25T20:26:57.695Z]	<rhiaro>	<rhiaro> I proposed alternative wording for that section in a PR comment to resolve that
[2019-04-25T20:27:00.722Z]	<drummond>	ack drummond
[2019-04-25T20:27:08.327Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-04-25T20:27:10.134Z]	<drummond>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-04-25T20:27:14.626Z]	<rhiaro>	JoeAndrieu: +1 to separating the abnf. getting the syntax in is a simpler conversation than figuring out what parameters make sense
[2019-04-25T20:27:39.534Z]	<rhiaro>	... I think that flows into this question which I think we need better clarification of resolution and dereferencing. In part because I feel strongly the resolver does not dereference. And yet that was one of the comments
[2019-04-25T20:27:45.953Z]	<rhiaro>	... Itw ould be good to communicate that more clearly
[2019-04-25T20:27:55.832Z]	<drummond>	+1 to clarification to separation of resolution and dereferencing
[2019-04-25T20:28:10.306Z]	<rhiaro>	... the parameters i care about are really about dereferencing, they don't affect resoltuion. That may be an influenceing lens about which parameters.. if there are parameters active during resolution that's different that ones for derefereincing
[2019-04-25T20:28:23.526Z]	<drummond>	q/
[2019-04-25T20:28:33.904Z]	<drummond>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-04-25T20:29:51.214Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: the question of whether anyone has talked to the original authors - this first came up in one of the issues on the DID spec when someone saw we were using ; for service names and someone I didnt' know asked whether that was meant to be a matrix param, and that's when it first came up. Then dmitri wrote up a really comprehensive list on how we could do serivce selection and one of them was matrix parameters and then the last few
[2019-04-25T20:29:51.214Z]	<rhiaro>	weeks we started discussing that and thought it would be a useful construct. But we haven't talked to th eoriginal authors and why this isn't broadly supported, you don't see it in web infrastructure. Maybe there is a good reason it was never used that we should know about
[2019-04-25T20:30:22.433Z]	<rhiaro>	... the other thing i wanted to say was yancy yes thanks for your comments on the PR I agree that we need more clarification of how the parameters would work. I know I haven't responded yet, I'm still planning to. I agree we need more clarification
[2019-04-25T20:30:56.132Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-04-25T20:31:17.378Z]	<rhiaro>	... and also what joe and manu were saying about violation of layers and having some params that affect resolution and some that affect dereferencing, I agree with that too, so if we have one like version-time that would instruct the resolver to retrieve a historic DID Document maybe tha'ts part of resoluion where if we have a parameter that selects a servce that's part of dereferencing after whe have the DID Document. I'm not sure if that's actually
[2019-04-25T20:31:17.378Z]	<rhiaro>	 a problem, I want to think about it more
[2019-04-25T20:31:27.187Z]	<rhiaro>	... Ultimately what matters is whatever we put into the DID URL contributes to what we are identifying
[2019-04-25T20:31:46.221Z]	<drummond>	Reminder that I'm on the queue to talk about identification that happens at progressive stages
[2019-04-25T20:31:50.944Z]	<rhiaro>	... the URL identifies something, some resource, and whether that's int he resolution part or dereferencing part it doesn't necessarily mean we need 2 different constructs or parameter types
[2019-04-25T20:31:54.518Z]	<manu>	some of this sounds like "URL canonicalization" vs. "resolution protocol".
[2019-04-25T20:31:55.681Z]	<rhiaro>	... my sense is it's okay to have it like that
[2019-04-25T20:32:03.219Z]	<rhiaro>	... We should think about it more
[2019-04-25T20:32:03.463Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2019-04-25T20:32:06.458Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q-
[2019-04-25T20:32:09.515Z]	<drummond>	ack drummond
[2019-04-25T20:32:15.638Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: I've been thinking that same thing
[2019-04-25T20:32:33.702Z]	<rhiaro>	... I have a graphic in mind, that comes from something fundamental
[2019-04-25T20:33:24.899Z]	<rhiaro>	... I've been sepnding more time on rfc3986 than I have in a long time becuase we are creating a compliant URI scheme and it's about identification of resources that actions are taken on, and derefercing is one of those
[2019-04-25T20:34:05.112Z]	<rhiaro>	... parameters direct what that identificaiton is towards. It's walking down a path that has several directions. The first piece is always to a DID Document, then you could be redirected internally or externally and once you .. if we drew that picture and say those are the paths we want to support and these are the params that take you down those paths, we can back up to what we call that or make sure the terminology is clear
[2019-04-25T20:34:17.756Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T20:34:23.173Z]	<rhiaro>	... I feel pretty comfortable that will take us to a place that will get us to consensus on what is important in the process of identification
[2019-04-25T20:34:33.243Z]	<rhiaro>	... Anyone else on this this topic?
[2019-04-25T20:34:45.970Z]	<rhiaro>	TOPIC: What is decentralisation?
[2019-04-25T20:35:09.836Z]	<rhiaro>	s/What is decentralisation?/What is decentralisation anyway?
[2019-04-25T20:35:25.219Z]	<rhiaro>	JoeAndrieu: this is a matter of thinking about what requirements are driving us, in a way we can write down for the spec
[2019-04-25T20:35:39.938Z]	<rhiaro>	... Part of my process on that was that we don't have a defintion of decentralised that would work for all of the different stakeholders
[2019-04-25T20:35:57.393Z]	<rhiaro>	... We do happen to have a notion of decentralised in DIDs that independant of this additional requirement. We have a URL that doesn't need IANA or DNS to figure out the root of trust
[2019-04-25T20:36:03.609Z]	<rhiaro>	... the URL itself can specify the root of trust. That's pretty huge
[2019-04-25T20:36:32.258Z]	<rhiaro>	... The aha for me was what we really also care about but hasnt' been in the charter is there's also a strong notion that the individiual is provably in control or at least the controller is provably in control
[2019-04-25T20:36:59.510Z]	<rhiaro>	... this notion feels like a closed enough constraint to say facebook if you want a DID method tell us how it's provably under the control of the DID controller. That feels like a productive avenue to try to define
[2019-04-25T20:37:07.551Z]	<manu>	q+ to talk about one of the driving goals (bigger tent with specifics), to see if there is agreement there...
[2019-04-25T20:37:08.459Z]	<rhiaro>	... whereas coming up with a definition of decentralisation does not feel productive
[2019-04-25T20:37:09.902Z]	<drummond>	"provably in control of an identifier" <== I like it
[2019-04-25T20:37:12.874Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-04-25T20:37:16.786Z]	<rhiaro>	... we could kick it around here and then get some feedback at IIW
[2019-04-25T20:37:19.516Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-04-25T20:37:27.907Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-04-25T20:37:31.842Z]	<burn>	q+ to mention "individual identifiers cannot be singled out for removal or loss of control by controller"
[2019-04-25T20:37:47.587Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: I think this is something we can get to after we discuss the goals. The goals behind these PRs.
[2019-04-25T20:38:12.916Z]	<rhiaro>	... Here's what drove those PRs to be created. We had a number of discussions at the last rebooting with folks from solid and inrupt, they asked a pretty simple question: what about the web? how does the web fit into decentralised identifiers?
[2019-04-25T20:38:20.994Z]	<drummond>	Just chiming in to say that I already like what burn is going to say :-)
[2019-04-25T20:38:53.245Z]	<rhiaro>	... some people that the web is decentralised *enough*. There are absolutely parts fo the web that are really centralised. But if you look at the legal system around how DNS is managed and you look at some of these upstart DID methods, eg. VeresOne, you could argue that the current DNS systme is far more decentralised than some of the new DID methods
[2019-04-25T20:38:57.760Z]	<rhiaro>	... I think all of use know where we want this stuff to go
[2019-04-25T20:39:35.376Z]	<rhiaro>	... In the short term the question is how do we get the folks that build out the web involve din the work becuase there's a lot of goodness there we can pull into the group. We didn't want to write the charter or the spec in such a way that makes it impossible for inrupt or solid or anyone that's going to base their DID method off the web and DNS from participating
[2019-04-25T20:39:44.644Z]	<rhiaro>	... I think there's a non trivial amount of brain there we can really pull into the work
[2019-04-25T20:39:47.383Z]	<rhiaro>	... that's the goal
[2019-04-25T20:39:48.453Z]	<rhiaro>	<rhiaro> +1
[2019-04-25T20:40:15.571Z]	<rhiaro>	... what we're trying to do is not necessarily weaken what we believe, we can still state that very clearly in the spec, we can talk about what the ideal is, what the expectations are, but how do we make the tnet big enough for the did:web method, which I think is legitimate
[2019-04-25T20:40:29.934Z]	<rhiaro>	... I also don't think we can do that without also inviting did:facebook and did:supercentralisedwhatever but frankly I don't think we had any control over that anyway
[2019-04-25T20:40:59.578Z]	<rhiaro>	... If we people want to create a super centralised DID method they can ignore the parts of the spec that say you have to be decentralised. I dont't hink there's anything we can write that would scare them away from doing that if there's an economic incentive. what I don't know is if there is buy in on the goal
[2019-04-25T20:41:14.868Z]	<rhiaro>	... do we want to allow the intrupt/solid team to participate or are we going to end up writing something that makes it so they can't do that?
[2019-04-25T20:41:17.557Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T20:41:24.681Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to talk about framing of the work
[2019-04-25T20:42:14.991Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: I get.. my instict is that by not trying to explicitly exclude centralised DID methods, by  not trying to exclude them we're going to help our cause
[2019-04-25T20:42:27.248Z]	<rhiaro>	... at the same time, markus has been driving the poitn that if anything is fine we're not sending the write message in the spec
[2019-04-25T20:42:35.002Z]	<rhiaro>	... I've made the point about being explicit about the design goals
[2019-04-25T20:43:04.185Z]	<burn>	q+ later
[2019-04-25T20:43:19.465Z]	<rhiaro>	... there are 5 ?? that are the goal. There are DID methods that clearly do all 5, and others that get to 3, 3.5.. there is an objective set of criteria by which you can evaluate the DID method, against hese properties, that we do explicitly state in the spec, potentially even in the charter
[2019-04-25T20:43:25.383Z]	<rhiaro>	... it becomes clearly something we can point to
[2019-04-25T20:43:25.758Z]	<burn>	q- later
[2019-04-25T20:43:38.285Z]	<rhiaro>	... we can explicitly say these are our goals
[2019-04-25T20:44:00.757Z]	<manu>	+1 to what drummond is saying
[2019-04-25T20:44:07.069Z]	<rhiaro>	... I've become a big fan of self assessment. If we require that a DID Method spec self assess itself to be included
[2019-04-25T20:44:10.636Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T20:44:16.764Z]	<drummond>	ack drummond
[2019-04-25T20:44:18.392Z]	<burn>	q-
[2019-04-25T20:44:21.651Z]	<burn>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-04-25T20:44:27.786Z]	<drummond>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-04-25T20:44:43.972Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: my opinion is well known. I really like Joe's arguement that having DID methods is already decentralisation, we have a URI that can specify its own root of trust this way
[2019-04-25T20:44:50.260Z]	<rhiaro>	... the namespace as a whole is decentralised
[2019-04-25T20:44:54.660Z]	<rhiaro>	... I think that's good but it's not good enough
[2019-04-25T20:45:01.121Z]	<rhiaro>	... that's not how most people in the community understand it
[2019-04-25T20:45:15.115Z]	<drummond>	q+ to remember that I wanted to say that I really like Joe's test. I think it becomes a clear way to test against property #4 of the list of four properties that I posted to the list.
[2019-04-25T20:45:25.660Z]	<rhiaro>	... most people understand it's not just the namespace, but every single identifier, every single method. They are decentralised, and also have these other properties drummond mentioned
[2019-04-25T20:45:38.623Z]	<rhiaro>	... I agree it's difficult to come up with an actual testable measurable defintion of decentralisation. But we can still have the narrative
[2019-04-25T20:46:38.419Z]	<rhiaro>	... they could self assess. A web based DID method would not be decentralised or persistent or cryptographically verifiable. I'm not arguigng for completely prohibiting that
[2019-04-25T20:46:42.854Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	can someone post the 5 goals?
[2019-04-25T20:47:15.460Z]	<rhiaro>	... the arguemnt I really don't understand is the web compatibility arguement. I really don't understand why we need a did:web method. Solid works with http uris, already works with dns based identifiers so why can't I have a solid server that works with http uris and with dids
[2019-04-25T20:47:20.967Z]	<drummond>	The four properties that DIDs were designed to provide are: #1—persistence, #2—resolvable, #3—cryptographically-verifiable, #4—do not rely on a centralized authority.
[2019-04-25T20:47:22.162Z]	<rhiaro>	... why do I need a did:web method for doing that
[2019-04-25T20:47:22.317Z]	<manu>	q+ becaues they want to use DID Documents over HTTP.
[2019-04-25T20:47:28.197Z]	<rhiaro>	... the web is not the same as DNS
[2019-04-25T20:47:43.061Z]	<rhiaro>	... you can build DID Documents with http uris
[2019-04-25T20:47:58.440Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T20:48:09.211Z]	<drummond>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-04-25T20:48:27.653Z]	<rhiaro>	JoeAndrieu: I think whether or not a given method is needed is not within our purvue
[2019-04-25T20:48:53.364Z]	<rhiaro>	... once we define the spec, people can implement according to that spec. Just like it's not up to anyone to decide what website should exist. if someone is motivated ot make a method, it's entirely within the spec whether they can do that
[2019-04-25T20:49:06.902Z]	<burn>	q+ to respond to joe that yes, as long as they meet whatever requirements we set, and we can set them
[2019-04-25T20:49:20.843Z]	<rhiaro>	... I started replying to drummond's ratings discussion. The w3c is not a ratings organisation. We're getting into reputational issues, even if people are self rating that's problematic
[2019-04-25T20:49:32.094Z]	<manu>	https://5stardata.info/en/
[2019-04-25T20:49:32.136Z]	<rhiaro>	... if there's a way that any established groups are doing that maybe we could go there
[2019-04-25T20:49:40.227Z]	<manu>	example of how this has been done before: https://5stardata.info/en/
[2019-04-25T20:49:43.109Z]	<drummond>	I agree with Joe that it's out of scope for the DID WG or DID spec to say what DID methods are needed or not. It's like the URI spec does not say who can and can't create a URI scheme.
[2019-04-25T20:50:17.485Z]	<rhiaro>	... there are probably better venues than w3c for definting how we want the world to be
[2019-04-25T20:50:18.374Z]	<drummond>	+1 to the idea of another organization that rates/recommends DID methods.
[2019-04-25T20:50:25.660Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T20:50:28.745Z]	<rhiaro>	... like what OSI did for open source
[2019-04-25T20:50:49.132Z]	<rhiaro>	... I think there's a distinction to be learned from between operationalising adherance to the spec and defining our work so we can be effective as a wg getting to a spec
[2019-04-25T20:50:55.298Z]	<rhiaro>	... I'm not so much worried about stopping fb from doing whatever
[2019-04-25T20:51:12.884Z]	<rhiaro>	... we're already seeing some comments like "I don't see what's decentralised, why is this name on the charter?" We don't have a dfn so he's got a good point
[2019-04-25T20:51:35.551Z]	<rhiaro>	... maybe we make the case explicitly that decentralised means you can choose your own root of trust and every DID method needs to demonstrate that the DID is provably under control of the DID controller, which is what my proposal is
[2019-04-25T20:51:47.965Z]	<manu>	+1 to what JoeAndrieu is saying about not focusing on stopping people... but enabling the world we want to live in.
[2019-04-25T20:51:48.233Z]	<drummond>	+1 to shaping our work
[2019-04-25T20:51:49.040Z]	<brent>	+1
[2019-04-25T20:51:50.407Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T20:51:52.158Z]	<rhiaro>	... Shaping our own work for the wg is far more important than tryign to keep people from making non conformant implementations
[2019-04-25T20:51:55.544Z]	<drummond>	ack drummond
[2019-04-25T20:52:09.909Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: +1 Joe. I like the fact we're back on the charter
[2019-04-25T20:52:45.275Z]	<rhiaro>	... the qualities of a DID are not in the charter right now, that were the design goalsf rom the outset. I'm happy to prepare a pr that proposes the text for those things
[2019-04-25T20:53:09.905Z]	<rhiaro>	... you can get deep into the definition of all of these properties. There's a 15 page paper from a decade ago about all of the qualities of persistence of an identifier
[2019-04-25T20:53:26.767Z]	<rhiaro>	... resolution, that's a little easier. Cryptogrpahic verification, a whole bunch of ways to do this.
[2019-04-25T20:53:33.166Z]	<rhiaro>	... the last one is what we're focused on
[2019-04-25T20:54:09.703Z]	<rhiaro>	... I think Joe's onto something with the provably under control. Could see how to do that method by method. i'd love to co-sponsor a session or a couple
[2019-04-25T20:54:43.847Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T20:54:47.505Z]	<rhiaro>	... We could put together a document to describe it, with enough depth, that we're not trying to put in the charter or the spec, but we could extract from that
[2019-04-25T20:54:49.113Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-04-25T20:55:25.983Z]	<burn>	q+ to say 'provably under the __exclusive_ control of the DID controller', as opposed to another authority controlling it without controller consent
[2019-04-25T20:55:33.718Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: markus asked why do folks that have web based approaches interested int he did spec, can't they just publish it on the web? Solid/inrupt has been using webid for a while. It's basically using a URL to identify an individual. It operates like a DID except it is a http url. The first version fo VC used URLs to identify subjects, and still is compatible with that idea
[2019-04-25T20:55:37.815Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to mention "provably" is probably not formally testable, but is a clear ask and demonstrating / defining provability should be a straightforward conformance requirement
[2019-04-25T20:56:14.387Z]	<rhiaro>	... the problem is that that community wants to be able to use a DID Document and if we say in the DID Document that you are not decentralised if you use the web, which is how they're reading the charter and the spec right now that they're on the other side of that line, that they can't evne use this spec. They can't effectively put a DID Doc on the web and expect to be conformant with the spec
[2019-04-25T20:56:17.267Z]	<rhiaro>	... that's at the core
[2019-04-25T20:56:28.583Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-04-25T20:56:35.911Z]	<rhiaro>	... going back to what I believe Joe said I think this really needs to be about enabling the world we want to see and not preventing a speciic set of bad actors from using the technology in a bad way
[2019-04-25T20:56:54.885Z]	<rhiaro>	... I think there's a lot of goodness in what we're doing, let's focus on the upside there. Be conscious of the downside but not spend so much of our time putting people outside of the tent that want to be in the tent
[2019-04-25T20:58:11.171Z]	<rhiaro>	... the other concern I have is that this feels like a conversation that could take a very long amoutn of time. Our charter needs to be completed very soon. If we're going to have our meeting in september, we need 2 months for the vote, which means beginning of July and people need to see the thing stabalise a month before that, so that's June. We have 4 weeks to get the charter in order so w3c management feels like it's in the correct state. If this
[2019-04-25T20:58:11.171Z]	<rhiaro>	 conversation continues through june it's going to delay the chartering fo the wg, and we'll miss the opportunity to have our first meeting at tpac. We need to be done by June.
[2019-04-25T20:58:30.832Z]	<rhiaro>	... hopefully good things will happen at iiw, we'll get some good understanding around what we want to achieve in the charter and the spec and we can get those things folded in by mid may
[2019-04-25T20:58:36.091Z]	<rhiaro>	... there's a time pressure here
[2019-04-25T20:58:37.358Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-04-25T20:58:39.830Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T20:58:43.085Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: I agree
[2019-04-25T20:58:46.866Z]	<burn>	ack burn
[2019-04-25T20:58:51.775Z]	<burn>	ack burn
[2019-04-25T20:59:31.492Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-04-25T20:59:32.941Z]	<rhiaro>	burn: no we can't prevent bad actors. but w3c can set requirements. We can say it's only a DID method *if*. We can define it that way, that's appropriate, we're within our right sto do it
[2019-04-25T20:59:40.073Z]	<rhiaro>	... we cannot pick winners and losers in that anyone who meets those requirements is good
[2019-04-25T20:59:41.134Z]	<drummond>	q-
[2019-04-25T20:59:47.739Z]	<rhiaro>	... we can still set our requirements to accomplish what we want
[2019-04-25T21:00:01.373Z]	<rhiaro>	... my bigger concern is not facebook, it's the other groups, the people who say what you have is nothing new
[2019-04-25T21:00:26.091Z]	<markus_sabadello>	+1 to burn that we can't prevent non-compliant methods from happening, but we can articulate our intention for methods
[2019-04-25T21:00:28.692Z]	<rhiaro>	... my biggest concern is that we water down our definition enough. Tony's arguement to me in december in redmond becomes valid - I gave the analogy of uris and web browsers choosing whether they support http, ftp, etc
[2019-04-25T21:00:44.091Z]	<drummond>	Reminder to speak in favor of setting conformance requirements for a DID method specification. That's how we can require conformant DID method specifications to state if and how they meet those requirements.
[2019-04-25T21:00:51.896Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2019-04-25T21:01:01.058Z]	<rhiaro>	... he said why do you need a new scheme just for dids? why not a new scheme for each DID method? I don't want that arguement to be valid because we've watered down our defintiion too much
[2019-04-25T21:01:03.453Z]	<rhiaro>	... There's more to DiDs.
[2019-04-25T21:01:15.924Z]	<drummond>	+1 to burn's point to not water down our requirements
[2019-04-25T21:01:43.059Z]	<rhiaro>	... I have said in the past (Joe hates this) that someone cannot take your DID away from you. I agree there are problems with that statement. My concern with provably under the control of the DID controller. A piece that's missing is this notion that a contrller has exclusive control unless they give that control to someone else
[2019-04-25T21:01:47.442Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qYBaXQMUoB86Alquu7WBtWOxsS8SMhp1fioYKEGCabE/
[2019-04-25T21:01:50.252Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	item 4
[2019-04-25T21:01:55.724Z]	<rhiaro>	... that's why public blockchains were exciting. The entire network would have to go away for you to use it
[2019-04-25T21:01:57.916Z]	<drummond>	+1 that the DID controller has exclusive control unless the DID controller delegates it to someone else
[2019-04-25T21:01:59.535Z]	<rhiaro>	... I just want to capture that at some level
[2019-04-25T21:02:02.103Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T21:02:12.061Z]	<drummond>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-04-25T21:02:29.524Z]	<rhiaro>	JoeAndrieu: a hesitant +1 on the exclusive control. I get what you mean. Just concerned that there are intentional mechanisms where you share that control
[2019-04-25T21:03:10.376Z]	<rhiaro>	... "provably" isn't formally testable, but it's testable that it's been described as to how it can be provable
[2019-04-25T21:03:31.855Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T21:03:32.766Z]	<rhiaro>	... facebook may say our did method is under the control of the user, but we woul dsay no it's not. But a method would have to state how it is provably under control is very powerful and might be good enough
[2019-04-25T21:03:58.600Z]	<drummond>	+1 to it being a conformance requirement about a DID method needing to state how it is provably under the control of the DID controller
[2019-04-25T21:04:10.622Z]	<rhiaro>	... something manu said. I'm concerned that are we building a technology that only people on the SSI train are going to implement and care about? Or are we building a platform that enables decentralised identity that everyone wants to be a part of
[2019-04-25T21:04:15.112Z]	<rhiaro>	... I'm not that interested in doing the former
[2019-04-25T21:04:25.638Z]	<rhiaro>	... It would be a small universe of people putting their time into it
[2019-04-25T21:04:25.686Z]	<drummond>	+1 to Joe's point about building a platform for SSI and decentralized identity that everyone will want to be part of
[2019-04-25T21:04:30.966Z]	<manu>	+1 to that
[2019-04-25T21:04:35.379Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-04-25T21:04:48.589Z]	<rhiaro>	... I'm much more inclined to figure out a platform everyone wants to be a part of in which decentralised identity is the platform, the narrative. Wary about making a small pond people dont want to play in
[2019-04-25T21:04:58.267Z]	<rhiaro>	... manu, wrt the web folks - is this provably under control? does that become a problem?
[2019-04-25T21:05:07.684Z]	<burn>	My intent was that control over the DID cannot occur by, e.g., the issuer of the DID without approval by controller of the DID. (as we define DIDs)
[2019-04-25T21:05:13.398Z]	<rhiaro>	... or is something like how openid lets you do url references, is there a route to provably under control with that audience?
[2019-04-25T21:05:15.332Z]	<manu>	q+ to pontificate "provably under control for web-based methods"
[2019-04-25T21:05:16.659Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T21:06:37.524Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: I understood manu's explanation of why web and solid people are interested in DIDs. They have webID resolution which is quite similar to DID Documents but DID Documents and DID syntax are more attractive and interesting
[2019-04-25T21:06:47.511Z]	<rhiaro>	... with service endpoint selection etc
[2019-04-25T21:07:01.500Z]	<rhiaro>	... understandable they'd want to use these mechanisms
[2019-04-25T21:07:27.042Z]	<rhiaro>	... legitimate that we have this generic universal syntax for identifiers with great value in using it for all kind of identifiers, a big tent
[2019-04-25T21:07:38.243Z]	<rhiaro>	... but if that's what we're doing I'd agree that the group is misnamed
[2019-04-25T21:07:52.433Z]	<rhiaro>	... it should be called the abstract identifiers that resolve to some kind of descriptor..
[2019-04-25T21:07:57.394Z]	<rhiaro>	... then we shouldn't have decentralised in the name
[2019-04-25T21:08:28.333Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T21:08:29.505Z]	<rhiaro>	... I think maybe the compromise that I would like to see is to not abandon those principles of decentralisation, persistence and so on. To keep them and to say that if you want you can define other kinds of DID methods but be celar about the fact they don't fulfil those properties
[2019-04-25T21:08:37.511Z]	<drummond>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-04-25T21:08:40.458Z]	<rhiaro>	... of course can't forece people
[2019-04-25T21:08:42.101Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T21:08:46.995Z]	<drummond>	ack drummond
[2019-04-25T21:09:12.683Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: +1 what burn said . Conformance requirements are part of the spec
[2019-04-25T21:09:44.289Z]	<rhiaro>	... If we can cast this in terms of conformance requirements for a DID method spec which defines the schema and the operations on a DID then it's a constructive approach, it's defensible, the challenge is that it may not be perfectly measruable
[2019-04-25T21:10:00.579Z]	<rhiaro>	... I think Joe's approach is really good example of how we can approach how we would define such a conformance requirement
[2019-04-25T21:10:14.905Z]	<rhiaro>	... I'm not promoting self assessment. I don't want to do something that's way out of the norm. Conformance requirements are not out of the norm
[2019-04-25T21:10:23.600Z]	<rhiaro>	... Specs that conform to do certain things is very standard
[2019-04-25T21:11:02.401Z]	<brent>	q+ to ask can we put in the charter that the group will define the conformance requirements for a method spec to be considered decentralized?
[2019-04-25T21:11:09.898Z]	<rhiaro>	... Having something, agreeing part of the DID spec conformance reqs about how a method spec accomplishes a certain thing. We have already method spec has to say how you do the CRUD operations. A method spec can also say how it provides these properties. Or whether you do or don't. At least the method specs will then have to be explicit and public about whether they do or don't provide those properties
[2019-04-25T21:11:25.315Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T21:11:27.077Z]	<rhiaro>	... I'm comfortable that folks will write method specs that don't provide all the properties, not comfortable with if they bury that
[2019-04-25T21:11:33.195Z]	<drummond>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-04-25T21:11:34.620Z]	<rhiaro>	ChristopherA: I'm a little torn here
[2019-04-25T21:12:19.637Z]	<rhiaro>	... It isn't just about the spec. I'm concerned that it isn't just a watering down in some way of our goals o nthe technology side, but there's also a strong push to water down the name. I chose self-soverign identify very deliberately as something a little confrontational so it wouldn't be coopated by marketing as easily
[2019-04-25T21:12:24.464Z]	<rhiaro>	... that's what happened with openid and groupware
[2019-04-25T21:12:36.161Z]	<rhiaro>	... the original defnition of groupware is fabulous and then it just became software for more than one person
[2019-04-25T21:13:02.964Z]	<rhiaro>	... there's this twin thing going on where we're being asked to call it self-adminstered identity or get rid of the self.. so it can be poltically okay... and we're also watering down the reqs on the decentralisation side of things at the same time
[2019-04-25T21:13:34.771Z]	<rhiaro>	.. this makes it really easy for people .. the problem of open id and user centric identity. People could do half of it. there was no conformance that said you have to do both sides.
[2019-04-25T21:13:47.058Z]	<rhiaro>	... that's ultimately what the big companies with openid, they took the best and and did half of it
[2019-04-25T21:14:08.825Z]	<drummond>	Christopher has a good point about "doing halfsies"
[2019-04-25T21:14:13.597Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T21:14:26.997Z]	<rhiaro>	... it's not exactly parallel with DIDs but it's not unrelated. People are going to try to figure out how to make these things controllabel and.. I don't even like that the biggest demo of this point of decentralised identity is the orgbook which even corproations ??? stewarded
[2019-04-25T21:14:47.815Z]	<rhiaro>	... I'm leaning towards ?? root ?? decentralisation ?? at one end we can say ?? goes down ?? can it survive ?? DID
[2019-04-25T21:15:35.043Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+
[2019-04-25T21:15:41.098Z]	<rhiaro>	... they have no process by which to give the orgbook SSI keys that are held by then, they don't deserve to be at the top of the list of implementations
[2019-04-25T21:16:09.320Z]	<rhiaro>	... I'm in favour of some rubricks like here are 10 measures of decentralisation you don't have to have all of them but can you transfer to another blockchain? Almost everybody is going to say no. It's desriable some day you might be able to, but you can't right now
[2019-04-25T21:16:18.053Z]	<rhiaro>	... Can a system survive x, y and z blockchain breakdown
[2019-04-25T21:16:27.351Z]	<rhiaro>	... some public blockchains can some public ones can't. Almost all private ones can't
[2019-04-25T21:16:38.083Z]	<rhiaro>	... you just have a rubrik of 10 of thes ethings and if they meet  or at least disclose it it's a start
[2019-04-25T21:16:44.229Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T21:16:54.261Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2019-04-25T21:16:55.558Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-04-25T21:16:55.903Z]	<rhiaro>	... but completely walking away from decentralisation combined with the marketing watering down that's happening right now
[2019-04-25T21:17:22.263Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: to think about what Joe mentioned, provably under control and whether or not web based methods would meet that
[2019-04-25T21:17:49.746Z]	<rhiaro>	... I think certain people would argue that they don't becuase you lease your DNS identifier or you lease your DNS entry, if you don't continue to pay it's taken away, or it can be taken away through other means
[2019-04-25T21:18:08.094Z]	<rhiaro>	... as a result any kind of web based identifier is not going to be provably under control. That's not even talking about who is running the website
[2019-04-25T21:18:17.494Z]	<rhiaro>	... a website for a group, the adminstrator could take the whole site down, change things
[2019-04-25T21:19:12.645Z]	<rhiaro>	... I think that's.. another thing that these web based folks are looking at. It's the uPort people as well. And even Digital Bazaar in that camp. We would like to see us embracing that community rather than giving them the cold shoulder. I do agree that having rubriks is the right way to do this. where we give people an objective way to rate different DID methods so people can go down the list and say that web based DID method is a 7/10 or a 6/10
[2019-04-25T21:19:12.646Z]	<rhiaro>	and I'm looking for something better than that
[2019-04-25T21:19:16.315Z]	<rhiaro>	... or for my use case, that's totally fine
[2019-04-25T21:19:23.089Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T21:19:32.168Z]	<rhiaro>	... that enables us to focus on the world we want, not on preventing bad actors
[2019-04-25T21:20:15.106Z]	<rhiaro>	... we enable people to self evaluate or we enable other people to evaluate the technology based on what we believe the right solution is and as a result of that it becoems not compeltely armoured against the whole marketing watering down but at least people can look at the sepc and go look this is a 10/10 DID method, it's clear that it is based on this criteria in the spec
[2019-04-25T21:20:30.996Z]	<rhiaro>	... so what you're reading that's saying it's fantastic, tha'ts marketing, if it doesn't meet the rubrik in the spec
[2019-04-25T21:20:42.023Z]	<rhiaro>	... but it allows us to build a bigger tent and stay true to the core of what we're trying to acheive
[2019-04-25T21:20:49.348Z]	<rhiaro>	... 90% of us want Decentralised identifiers
[2019-04-25T21:20:59.146Z]	<rhiaro>	... and we can prove that they're Decentralised because we have this rubrick in the spec
[2019-04-25T21:21:05.323Z]	<rhiaro>	... but at the same time we don't give the web based folks the cold shoulder
[2019-04-25T21:21:13.477Z]	<rhiaro>	... I would like to at least at some point get to next steps
[2019-04-25T21:21:23.391Z]	<rhiaro>	... How we're going to conver this conversation into actionable changers for hte charter and spec
[2019-04-25T21:21:24.655Z]	<drummond>	+1 to talking about next steps
[2019-04-25T21:21:37.860Z]	<manu>	q/
[2019-04-25T21:21:43.543Z]	<drummond>	ack brent
[2019-04-25T21:22:00.218Z]	<manu>	yes, you can do that and it would be a smart thing to do
[2019-04-25T21:22:01.659Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-04-25T21:22:02.318Z]	<rhiaro>	brent: is it possible to put in the charter we're going to define conformance statements for method specs?
[2019-04-25T21:22:05.081Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: yes
[2019-04-25T21:22:05.316Z]	<drummond>	++++=1
[2019-04-25T21:22:10.328Z]	<rhiaro>	JoeAndrieu: seems good to me
[2019-04-25T21:22:21.913Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1
[2019-04-25T21:22:41.065Z]	<rhiaro>	brent: my response to some of tony's issues... intially I thought he was asking us to water it down. I've changed my mind. I don't think we need to water it down. Everyone else is going to water it down once we spec it. What we need to do is not water it down, but improve the defintiions of things and be more specific
[2019-04-25T21:22:54.095Z]	<rhiaro>	... as we are challenged on things instead of pulling back we need to push forward, and add more instead of taking way
[2019-04-25T21:22:56.311Z]	<manu>	+1 to brent
[2019-04-25T21:22:56.351Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T21:23:27.308Z]	<rhiaro>	jonathan_holt: I'm a little bit hesitant about this rubrik because it's all about the ipmlementation in this DID method. Eg. we support multiple different key types. Those keys may not be in control exclusively by the end user
[2019-04-25T21:23:45.068Z]	<rhiaro>	... I'm looking right now at smart cards on my desk. The smart cards aren't that smart. Some have no way to write to it with your own private key
[2019-04-25T21:23:49.670Z]	<rhiaro>	... but that would be supported within our DID method
[2019-04-25T21:24:14.159Z]	<rhiaro>	... so it's hard to say if your DID method doens't allow for generation of your own keys to prove undenabily that you're in total control of your private key
[2019-04-25T21:24:25.404Z]	<drummond>	ack jonathan_holt
[2019-04-25T21:24:58.180Z]	<burn>	+0.5 to brent; it just pushes the problem to later, but that is probably the only realistic way to move forward at this moment
[2019-04-25T21:24:58.269Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-04-25T21:24:58.994Z]	<rhiaro>	... If you were to create this sort of table, how do you broadcast. We do support DNS and the issue, DNS is pretty decentralised, you can go to different providers or run your own. We've been working on a way to sign a text field in a DNS record to the CID, that resolves to the IPFS protocol buffer to the dht
[2019-04-25T21:25:20.795Z]	<rhiaro>	... that is a method but it's not as strong as i'd like it, we're working on a way to sign with your key on your DID that the DNS link is not just there but provable
[2019-04-25T21:25:47.560Z]	<rhiaro>	... but in truth you're just leasing that, it's a human readable conveneince for resolving. In IPFS we like to think of it as being the permantent web, but there are many instances where it's not so permanent
[2019-04-25T21:25:49.907Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T21:25:55.529Z]	<drummond>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-04-25T21:26:08.095Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-04-25T21:26:09.620Z]	<rhiaro>	ChristopherA: your concerns about rubrik are good things about a rubrik. I would like to say that nobody is going to get a 10/10
[2019-04-25T21:26:12.150Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-04-25T21:26:20.329Z]	<rhiaro>	... I would consider btcr one of the most decentralise dand it may end up being like a 6/10
[2019-04-25T21:26:27.955Z]	<manu>	q+ to suggest path forward -- IIW breakouts to define "decentralization" wrt DIDs, Rubrics for DID Methods, PRs against charter and spec as a result of those two things.
[2019-04-25T21:26:46.653Z]	<rhiaro>	... one of the things we have to remember about ssl tls is that it was very modularised. You could just confidentiality without authentication, you could have single auth, mutual auth, perfect forward secrecy, all these things in the protocol
[2019-04-25T21:27:03.427Z]	<rhiaro>	... but the market place decided to stop at a single level of auth which was the server, the clients woul dnot auth. We did not decide that
[2019-04-25T21:27:37.735Z]	<rhiaro>	... but because we designed in the ability to have other stuff, 10 years later whne the snowden events happened and other events oh we'll just turn on perfect forward secrecy it's already here and the market demands it and the processing power of computers allows it
[2019-04-25T21:27:38.627Z]	<manu>	+1 to ChristopherA
[2019-04-25T21:27:51.007Z]	<rhiaro>	... number 10 for me is that i can transfer a DID from one blockchain for another, but it's purely aspirational right now
[2019-04-25T21:27:54.624Z]	<rhiaro>	<rhiaro> +1 to ChristopherA
[2019-04-25T21:28:10.622Z]	<drummond>	+1 to Christopher's point that we want to enable the DID spec to extend much into the future like SSL/TLS did
[2019-04-25T21:28:27.223Z]	<rhiaro>	... nobody can check that off, but we have a good list it could be really powerful and exactly what jonny said about the keys on a fido chip not being created by the user, one of a whole bunch of things people won't have  in a perfec world
[2019-04-25T21:28:27.773Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T21:29:33.923Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1 to 90 minute calls
[2019-04-25T21:29:43.308Z]	<rhiaro>	+1 to 60 minute calls.. :p
[2019-04-25T21:29:50.963Z]	<burn>	+1 to 90 minute calls
[2019-04-25T21:29:54.426Z]	<markus_sabadello>	+1
[2019-04-25T21:29:55.463Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: if anyone objects to 90 minute calls?
[2019-04-25T21:29:56.758Z]	<burn>	including today
[2019-04-25T21:29:58.439Z]	<ken>	+1 to 90 minutes
[2019-04-25T21:29:58.747Z]	<rhiaro>	... we could go to 60
[2019-04-25T21:29:58.956Z]	<yancy>	+1 to amys comment
[2019-04-25T21:30:05.157Z]	<rhiaro>	we already have the tuesday calls ;_;
[2019-04-25T21:30:10.868Z]	<ChristopherA>	But how about start 30m later
[2019-04-25T21:30:18.180Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2019-04-25T21:30:18.675Z]	<rhiaro>	NO NOT LATER it's almost midnight in Europe
[2019-04-25T21:30:41.131Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: can we talk about  next steps? Concrete suggestions?
[2019-04-25T21:30:43.407Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q-
[2019-04-25T21:31:00.911Z]	<rhiaro>	... there's text we want to draft for the charter. I'll at least do part of that
[2019-04-25T21:31:01.974Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack drummond
[2019-04-25T21:31:08.757Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	IIW session: what makes a DID decentralized?
[2019-04-25T21:31:09.383Z]	<rhiaro>	... I'll propose the properties and collaborate on the conformance language
[2019-04-25T21:31:19.142Z]	<rhiaro>	... that's a concrete step
[2019-04-25T21:31:22.181Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	IIW session: given the previous session, PR for charter
[2019-04-25T21:31:26.849Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T21:31:28.725Z]	<rhiaro>	... if others hav esuggestions on that can we get those quickly before people leave?
[2019-04-25T21:31:33.344Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2019-04-25T21:31:49.660Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1 to IIW session on rubrics
[2019-04-25T21:32:16.346Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: IIW we'll have 2 breakouts. one to discuss and define what we mean by decentralisation, specifically wrt to DIDs, a fairly open discussion
[2019-04-25T21:32:20.465Z]	<rhiaro>	... it'll feel fairly high level
[2019-04-25T21:32:33.055Z]	<rhiaro>	... and then potentially another IIW breakout for rubriks for DID methods
[2019-04-25T21:32:46.474Z]	<rhiaro>	... having a discussoin where we write down a bunch with a group of people throwing ideas out
[2019-04-25T21:32:55.629Z]	<rhiaro>	... hopefully then someone can summarise to the mailing list where those discussions went
[2019-04-25T21:32:57.676Z]	<drummond>	I like the idea that the rubrics are then turned into candidates for conformance clauses
[2019-04-25T21:33:02.217Z]	<rhiaro>	... we can then turn those into PRs against the charter and spec
[2019-04-25T21:33:16.226Z]	<rhiaro>	... hopefully we work them out at IIW, summarise to the CCG, then PR to the charter and spec
[2019-04-25T21:33:16.775Z]	<drummond>	+1 to manu's suggestions
[2019-04-25T21:33:21.486Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T21:33:22.115Z]	<markus_sabadello>	+1
[2019-04-25T21:33:31.020Z]	<drummond>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-04-25T21:33:43.487Z]	<rhiaro>	JoeAndrieu: the 90 minute thing... chris, can you point to the research in the area, 90 minues is the sweet spot, 60 minutes feels too short
[2019-04-25T21:33:47.890Z]	<rhiaro>	... there's reasearch about..
[2019-04-25T21:34:05.273Z]	<rhiaro>	ChristopherA: it's a whole bunch of stuff around learning and biological cycles that the hour we have fallen into that the great humane version of it
[2019-04-25T21:34:11.534Z]	<drummond>	+1 to going to continuing these as 90 min calls
[2019-04-25T21:34:24.806Z]	<rhiaro>	... 90 mins seems to be the right amount
[2019-04-25T21:34:39.014Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T21:34:43.941Z]	<ken>	Was the massage a session at IIW?
[2019-04-25T21:35:02.324Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: feels like we peaked at the 90 minute mark and we can feel the energy going down
[2019-04-25T21:35:15.206Z]	<rhiaro>	... I second what manu said, good concrete steps, I promise to be in both sessions
[2019-04-25T21:35:38.935Z]	<rhiaro>	JoeAndrieu: is tuesday or wednesday for people at IIW?
[2019-04-25T21:35:43.287Z]	<ChristopherA>	Please not Thursday
[2019-04-25T21:35:45.106Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: it's going to be crazy I have no idea
[2019-04-25T21:36:25.845Z]	<markus_sabadello>	i won't be there but will send allies to defend the more radical position on "decentralization" :)
[2019-04-25T21:36:31.402Z]	<rhiaro>	JoeAndrieu: I'll aim to get them on the agenda on tuesday
[2019-04-25T21:36:39.358Z]	<rhiaro>	... I'll propose both and see if they fit in the schedule
[2019-04-25T21:36:47.842Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: anyone else have concrete next steps suggestions
[2019-04-25T21:36:48.705Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-04-25T21:37:07.164Z]	<ChristopherA>	Move to adjourn
[2019-04-25T21:37:11.311Z]	<burn>	Second
[2019-04-25T21:37:15.379Z]	<rhiaro>	Third
[2019-04-25T21:37:18.970Z]	<yancy>	Fourth
[2019-04-25T21:37:23.221Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: I don't even know any more what is day and night.
[2019-04-25T21:38:49.842Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: that's a wrap
[2019-04-25T21:39:14.394Z]	<rhiaro>	... no call next week
[2019-04-25T21:39:25.894Z]	<rhiaro>	FIN
