[Tue 12:07:46] <manu>	scribe: rgrant
[Tue 12:07:56] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001ad] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:08:20] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Aug/0073.html
[Tue 12:08:21] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001ad] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:08:25] <kimhd>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:08:25] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: Michael Lodder [SIP/evernym.onsip.com-0000018f], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000190], ChristopherA [SIP/10.0.1.4-00000192], KimHD [SIP/73.193.23.65-00000193], nage [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000194], DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000195], 15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000197], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000199], 15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000019a], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000019b], amigus [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000019e], MosesMa
[Tue 12:08:25] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-000001a1], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000001a5], squarfed [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001a4], 14154972900 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001a6], rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001ab].
[Tue 12:08:42] <manu>	voip: 1a6 is EdBice
[Tue 12:08:48] <voip-ccg>	Associated EdBice with SIP/69.65.34.216-000001a6.
[Tue 12:08:50] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: today is a joint meeting of W3C verifiable claims (members only), and credentials comminuty group.
[Tue 12:08:56] *	kimhd who is area code 415?
[Tue 12:09:00] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: David Chadwick presenting
[Tue 12:09:03] <voip-ccg>	972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001ae] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:09:26] *	dlongley has changed the topic to: The W3C Credentials Community Group Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Aug/0073.html
[Tue 12:09:27] <manu>	Topic: Introductions
[Tue 12:09:36] <rgrant>	Simmonds: Hi, I'm Paul Simmonds from the Global Identity Foundation. We want a safer world where all entities can interact using a single digital identity; that provides them enhanced security and privacy, and which is completely under their control; enabling an eco-system of assured trust for all digital transactions. There is a lot in common between our work and the work being done here.
[Tue 12:09:36] <rgrant>	Simmonds: More on us here... http://www.globalidentityfoundation.org/index.html
[Tue 12:09:56] *	manu Paul Simmonds from GIF
[Tue 12:10:23] <manu>	q+ to make sure Ed intorduces himself
[Tue 12:10:23] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:10:37] <ChristopherA>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:10:37] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: Michael Lodder [SIP/evernym.onsip.com-0000018f], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000190], ChristopherA [SIP/10.0.1.4-00000192], KimHD [SIP/73.193.23.65-00000193], nage [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000194], DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000195], 15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000197], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000199], 15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000019a], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000019b], amigus [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000019e], MosesMa
[Tue 12:10:38] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-000001a1], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000001a5], squarfed [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001a4], EdBice [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001a6], rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001ab], 972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001ae].
[Tue 12:10:47] <manu>	q-
[Tue 12:10:47] <voip-ccg>	manu has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 12:10:57] *	amigus_ (~Adam@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:11:26] <rgrant>	Bice: Hi Ed Bice from Meedan. Meedan builds digital tools for global journalism and translation. We are a team of designers, technologists and journalists who focus on open source investigation of digital media and crowdsourced translation of social media. We are based in San Francisco and are doing work on collaborative fact checking with our Check product. We have been dealing with the Fake News problem since before it was called that. We heard about this group through Evan Sandhaus of the NYT and would like to explore if we can use Verifiable Claims to address some of our use cases. Here to learn more.
[Tue 12:11:26] <rgrant>	Bice: More on us here... https://meedan.com/en/
[Tue 12:11:28] <manu>	q+ to note that Ed is here because of the Fake news discussion we had a few weeks ago.
[Tue 12:11:28] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:11:33] *	amigus has quit ("Going offline, see ya! (www.adiirc.com)")
[Tue 12:11:40] *	amigus_ is now known as amigus
[Tue 12:11:46] *	manu rgrant remember... NAME: what they said
[Tue 12:11:49] *	kimhd manu should we pause to identify people?
[Tue 12:12:07] *	manu kimhd up to you... we have lots of folks on the call... 
[Tue 12:12:15] *	manu rgrant no, just their last name, or anything really
[Tue 12:12:23] *	manu Bice: he's currently talking...
[Tue 12:12:48] <voip-ccg>	16175713857 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001b4] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:12:48] *	kimhd rgrant here is the cheat sheet :) https://github.com/w3c-ccg/w3c-ccg.github.io/blob/master/irc_ref.md
[Tue 12:12:53] *	manu kimhd lots of folks, meaning, you may not want to take more time... you can quickly ask throughout the call... though.
[Tue 12:13:04] *	kimhd manu agree
[Tue 12:13:05] *	manu sorry kimhd, I'm being indecisive... :)
[Tue 12:13:10] *	agropper (~agropper@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:13:17] *	kimhd me too, we wasted lots of time with SIP
[Tue 12:13:18] <manu>	voip: 1b4 is AdrianGropper
[Tue 12:13:18] <voip-ccg>	Associated AdrianGropper with SIP/69.65.34.216-000001b4.
[Tue 12:13:26] *	dlongley if you're in IRC and you don't see your name in the connections list i'm about to make show up here, please let us know in IRC
[Tue 12:13:28] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[Tue 12:13:28] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: Michael Lodder [SIP/evernym.onsip.com-0000018f], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000190], ChristopherA [SIP/10.0.1.4-00000192], KimHD [SIP/73.193.23.65-00000193], nage [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000194], DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000195], 15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000197], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000199], 15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000019a], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000019b], amigus [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000019e], MosesMa
[Tue 12:13:28] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-000001a1], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000001a5], squarfed [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001a4], EdBice [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001a6], rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001ab], 972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001ae], AdrianGropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001b4].
[Tue 12:13:31] *	manu kimhd - we'll want to tell folks w/ SIP that they can set their names....
[Tue 12:13:34] <manu>	q?
[Tue 12:13:35] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:13:41] <rgrant>	Topic: Work Item Progress
[Tue 12:13:41] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: how are we keeping track of work items?
[Tue 12:14:38] <rgrant>	kimhd: DID spec received discussion, so let's cover that.  Data minimzation may have other groups working in similar areas.
[Tue 12:15:04] <voip-ccg>	MosesMa [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001b7] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:15:20] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: 197 is Lionel
[Tue 12:15:20] <voip-ccg>	Associated Lionel with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000197.
[Tue 12:15:23] <mike-lodder>	q+
[Tue 12:15:23] <voip-ccg>	mike-lodder has been added to the queue: manu, mike-lodder
[Tue 12:15:24] <rgrant>	Nathan: mentions competing efforts at hyperledger
[Tue 12:15:25] *	dlongley i just picked one :)
[Tue 12:15:27] <manu>	q+ to note that I spoke w/ Dan Larimer EOS folks about data minimization, they're going to participate.
[Tue 12:15:27] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, mike-lodder, manu
[Tue 12:15:31] <voip-ccg>	MosesMa [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001b7] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:16:08] <rgrant>	Nathan: there, there is an attempt to understand coverage of privacy related issues?
[Tue 12:17:40] <adam>	 +1
[Tue 12:18:10] <kimhd>	q+
[Tue 12:18:10] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has been added to the queue: manu, mike-lodder, manu, kimhd
[Tue 12:18:42] <kimhd>	q-
[Tue 12:18:42] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has been removed from the queue: manu, mike-lodder, manu
[Tue 12:18:49] <rgrant>	manu: fake news has brought us Ed and good feedback from BBC.
[Tue 12:19:20] <rgrant>	manu: not sure where Ed's work will land, we need to get them scheduled between VCWG and CCG.
[Tue 12:19:31] <nage>	Hyperledger forum where most credentials and verifiable claims discussions are happening https://wiki.hyperledger.org/groups/identity/identity-wg
[Tue 12:19:37] <mike-lodder>	I would like to participate in the selective disclosure group
[Tue 12:19:53] <mike-lodder>	Q-
[Tue 12:19:57] <mike-lodder>	q-
[Tue 12:19:57] <voip-ccg>	mike-lodder has been removed from the queue: manu, manu
[Tue 12:20:20] <nage>	The Architecture WG has also spawned a Privacy and Confidentiality sub-group that is addressing some of these topics
[Tue 12:20:41] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: suggests Ed review RWOT Fall conference agenda for relevance.  Especially reputation systems and which parts of our current work are underlying infrastructure for that.
[Tue 12:20:56] <kimhd>	Bots, Fake News, and VC discussion: https://goo.gl/fuLHB8
[Tue 12:21:13] <nage>	Additionally there is implementation work going on here http://identity.foundation/ (folks from this group will be around at IIW 25 http://www.internetidentityworkshop.com/)
[Tue 12:21:42] *	manu \o/ !!! done!
[Tue 12:21:48] *	dlongley +1
[Tue 12:21:50] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: are we done with mission statement?  (yes!)
[Tue 12:22:04] *	manu \o\ ... /o/ ... \o/
[Tue 12:22:05] *	cdchapman_ (~cdchapman@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:22:08] <rgrant>	kimhd: we need to notify W3C and some other groups of our changes.
[Tue 12:22:14] <nage>	We have been working on support for shared crypto libraries and tools for selective disclosure at Hyperledger, if you are interested in helping that effort, I'd love to talk to you about how to get more organizations involved there.
[Tue 12:22:50] <manu>	ack manu 
[Tue 12:22:50] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to note that Ed is here because of the Fake news discussion we had a few weeks ago.).
[Tue 12:22:54] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 12:22:54] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to note that I spoke w/ Dan Larimer EOS folks about data minimization, they're going to participate.).
[Tue 12:23:00] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:23:00] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:23:24] <rgrant>	manu: Manu has action item to follow up with Dan from EOS.  they're going to participate in verifiable claims.
[Tue 12:23:50] <manu>	Topic: Privacy and Security Requirements
[Tue 12:24:04] <kimhd>	https://goo.gl/ZeyJUS
[Tue 12:24:14] <David_C>	Draft security and privacy requirements is here:  https://goo.gl/ZeyJUS
[Tue 12:25:09] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001c2] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:25:21] *	kimhd isn't this like Joe Andrieu's issue 68 in VC?
[Tue 12:25:31] *	kimhd https://github.com/w3c/vc-data-model/issues/68
[Tue 12:25:31] <rgrant>	David_C: upon review, when the subject is the holder (versus when subject is not subject) there are some subtle differences.
[Tue 12:25:36] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001c2] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:25:50] *	cwebber2 goes irc-only for today
[Tue 12:26:18] <rgrant>	David_C: if the subject is a third party holder, does it depend on the subject as to whether the credential can be verified?
[Tue 12:26:21] *	cdchapman_ has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:26:23] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:26:23] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:26:34] <manu>	q+
[Tue 12:26:34] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:26:55] <rgrant>	David_C: two scenarios
[Tue 12:27:04] *	cdchapman (~cdchapman@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:27:23] <rgrant>	David_C: subject delegates credential to holder, allowing holder to access a website or whatever
[Tue 12:28:12] <rgrant>	David_C: with negative credential, a service may accept a non-delegated negative credential.
[Tue 12:28:17] <rgrant>	David_C: tricky.
[Tue 12:29:14] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 12:29:14] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: manu, ChristopherA
[Tue 12:29:16] <rgrant>	manu: general comment - it does get tricky - on the document: it's straightforward, but Manu can think of lots of edge cases that contradict.
[Tue 12:29:30] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:29:30] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu, ChristopherA
[Tue 12:29:30] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:29:30] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu, ChristopherA
[Tue 12:29:36] <ChristopherA>	ack manu
[Tue 12:29:36] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor.
[Tue 12:29:36] <kimhd>	ack manu
[Tue 12:29:36] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 12:29:36] <voip-ccg>	manu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:29:36] <voip-ccg>	manu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:29:40] <rgrant>	manu: where to take it next?  explore use cases or refine for high-level understand?
[Tue 12:30:05] <rgrant>	David_C: intent is to work it into the lifecycle and data model documents.
[Tue 12:30:40] <rgrant>	David_C: it is meant to remain high level.  there are ambiguities when looking at details.
[Tue 12:31:13] <rgrant>	David_C: we're going to spell out the cases more for security review.  not sure if this is that document.  maybe lifecycle doc.
[Tue 12:31:14] <ChristopherA>	ack manu
[Tue 12:31:14] <voip-ccg>	manu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:32:13] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: document perhaps too simplified.  See some lingo gaining traction in https://www.researchgate.net/publication/234720523_A_terminology_for_talking_about_privacy_by_data_minimization_Anonymity_Unlinkability_Undetectability_Unobservability_Pseudonymity_and_Identity_Management
[Tue 12:32:39] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: document title: "A terminology for talking about privacy by data minimization: Anonymity, Unlinkability, Undetectability, Unobservability, Pseudonymity, and Identity Management"
[Tue 12:33:13] <manu>	https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-iab-privacy-terminology-01
[Tue 12:33:32] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: we don't need to adopt their wording.  We should look at attacker motivation, i.e. how would availability or integrity fail.
[Tue 12:33:35] <manu>	Here is the final RFC: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6973
[Tue 12:33:49] <manu>	q+
[Tue 12:33:49] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, manu
[Tue 12:33:50] <rgrant>	David_C: great suggestion
[Tue 12:33:50] <ChristopherA>	ack christophera
[Tue 12:33:50] <voip-ccg>	christophera isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:33:55] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:33:56] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA, manu
[Tue 12:34:03] <ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 12:34:03] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 12:34:07] <ChristopherA>	ack manu
[Tue 12:34:07] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor.
[Tue 12:34:49] <rgrant>	manu: see published RFC (6973) defining private considerations.  we would set ourselves up for failure if we didn't build off this work.
[Tue 12:35:04] <rgrant>	*privacy considerations
[Tue 12:36:08] <voip-ccg>	Paul Simmonds [SIP/192.168.2.34-000001c7] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:36:35] <voip-ccg>	Paul Simmonds [SIP/192.168.2.34-000001c7] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:36:41] <rgrant>	RFC6973 compliance is already required in DID specification section 10.1
[Tue 12:36:51] <mike-lodder>	q+
[Tue 12:36:51] <voip-ccg>	mike-lodder has been added to the queue: mike-lodder
[Tue 12:36:53] <voip-ccg>	Paul Simmonds [SIP/192.168.2.34-000001c8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:36:57] *	kimhd this RFC would also be a good reference for the data min/selective disclosure work item
[Tue 12:37:08] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:37:08] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: mike-lodder
[Tue 12:37:08] *	manu kimhd - totally agree +1
[Tue 12:37:17] <ChristopherA>	ack mike-lodder
[Tue 12:37:17] <voip-ccg>	mike-lodder has the floor.
[Tue 12:37:20] <voip-ccg>	Paul Simmonds [SIP/192.168.2.34-000001c8] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:37:25] <rgrant>	David_C: if we show how we're using their guidelines, that helps our review process
[Tue 12:37:36] *	kimhd this could help us decide how to tighten up the focus for the data min work item
[Tue 12:37:45] <rgrant>	Lodder: is a cryptographer working on selective disclosure
[Tue 12:38:20] *	manu mike-lodder other links (not as useful): https://w3c-dvcg.github.io/lds-pseudonymous2016/ https://w3c-dvcg.github.io/lds-redaction2016/
[Tue 12:38:30] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: separate work item exists: survey of non-cryptographic techniques surrounding data minimization.  Looking for survey of the class of problems.
[Tue 12:38:45] <kimhd>	q+ about lead author
[Tue 12:38:46] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has been added to the queue: kimhd
[Tue 12:38:49] *	dlongley mike-lodder: https://github.com/w3c-dvcg has a number of signature methods we're looking at, including the ones manu mentioned
[Tue 12:38:59] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:38:59] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: kimhd
[Tue 12:39:12] <manu>	q+ to note that this work is important for VCWG too... we need to demonstrate progress wrt. surveying the space and coming to conclusions.
[Tue 12:39:12] <kimhd>	q-
[Tue 12:39:12] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: kimhd, manu
[Tue 12:39:12] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has been removed from the queue: manu
[Tue 12:39:20] *	dlongley some of the specs haven't been filled out yet, you'll need to probe for tribal knowledge :)
[Tue 12:39:43] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: as a culture, we have a tendency to always use cryptography, even when it doesn't add security.
[Tue 12:39:53] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:39:53] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:40:23] <ChristopherA>	ack manu
[Tue 12:40:23] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to note that this work is important for VCWG too... we need to demonstrate progress wrt. surveying the space and coming to conclusions.).
[Tue 12:40:35] <rgrant>	kimhd: we need more people dedicated to data minimization.  RFC is good catalyst.
[Tue 12:41:18] <rgrant>	manu: this is also very important for verifiable claims working group.  previous criticism said we weren't doing enough deep dives into the space of techniques.
[Tue 12:41:21] <mike-lodder>	do we have a formal place to begin working on it
[Tue 12:41:36] *	kimhd +1 to Manu's approach (make sure we fit in with well-known framework)
[Tue 12:41:37] <rgrant>	manu: work now will reduce objections in a years time, when we're closer to finalization..
[Tue 12:41:56] <dlongley>	and this CG can submit a report to the WG with some of that security/privacy information (and/or it can take place in the WG directly depending on the charter)
[Tue 12:42:47] <manu>	Topic: DID Specification Progress
[Tue 12:42:52] *	manu woops, sorry rgrant !
[Tue 12:42:59] *	manu will fix that in the minutes.
[Tue 12:43:33] <kimhd>	q+ quick note
[Tue 12:43:33] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has been added to the queue: kimhd
[Tue 12:43:42] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: now that we're implementing DID-methods, we've discovered some issues.
[Tue 12:44:21] <manu>	q+ to update on latest state of DID work, next steps w/ DID spec, RWoT.
[Tue 12:44:21] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: kimhd, manu
[Tue 12:44:33] <rgrant>	kimhd: looking for plan as to how we'll be making more progress
[Tue 12:44:47] <ChristopherA>	ack kimhd
[Tue 12:44:47] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has the floor (quick note).
[Tue 12:44:54] <ChristopherA>	ack manu
[Tue 12:44:54] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to update on latest state of DID work, next steps w/ DID spec, RWoT.).
[Tue 12:44:58] <rgrant>	manu: there is a new DID-method spec
[Tue 12:44:59] <manu>	Veres One DID Method specification: https://w3c-ccg.github.io/didm-veres-one/
[Tue 12:45:20] <manu>	Live site is here: https://veres.one/
[Tue 12:46:05] <rgrant>	manu: hope is that this implementation helps us in the standardization discussion.
[Tue 12:46:53] <rgrant>	manu: what is the impact?  BTCR DID-method spec work raised lots of queitons.
[Tue 12:47:11] <rgrant>	manu: we now have three different data models as suggestions.
[Tue 12:47:29] <rgrant>	manu: Ethereum and Sovrin input will go into the spec.
[Tue 12:47:41] <rgrant>	manu: hope is to have discussion in September
[Tue 12:47:57] <kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/didm-veres-one/issues/1
[Tue 12:48:01] <rgrant>	manu: then come to technical decisions at conference
[Tue 12:48:44] <rgrant>	manu: has put up "straw men" as discussion points on proofs versus signatures
[Tue 12:48:52] <dlongley>	use cases, use cases, use cases
[Tue 12:48:58] <rgrant>	manu: we believe we have generalized, but need to check everyone's use cases.
[Tue 12:49:10] <rgrant>	manu: what is minimum viable DDO?
[Tue 12:49:23] <rgrant>	manu: want some kind of proposal going into RWOT
[Tue 12:49:30] <rgrant>	manu: need to prioritize
[Tue 12:49:40] <voip-ccg>	Chris Chapman [SIP/10.1.71.170-000001cb] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:49:44] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:49:45] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:50:07] <voip-ccg>	Chris Chapman [SIP/10.1.71.170-000001cb] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:50:19] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: issue identified: which keys can be used for control versus update
[Tue 12:50:30] <rgrant>	manu: we agree that that (<--what?) is what should be done
[Tue 12:50:36] <mike-lodder>	+1
[Tue 12:50:58] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 12:50:58] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 12:50:58] <rgrant>	manu: two use cases: authentication versus update
[Tue 12:51:31] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:51:31] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley
[Tue 12:51:39] <rgrant>	manu: use case identified: want (or was considered) to prevent key from updating certain fields of DDO
[Tue 12:51:50] <rgrant>	manu: be very specific about proof models
[Tue 12:51:55] <ChristopherA>	ack dlongley
[Tue 12:51:55] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 12:51:58] <dlongley>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/didm-veres-one/issues/1#issuecomment-325450670
[Tue 12:52:27] <rgrant>	dlongley: we were looking at separating out authentication from authorization
[Tue 12:52:50] <rgrant>	dlongley: this is about what fields you can write to in the DDO
[Tue 12:52:53] <manu>	q+ to note that we ran through the entire Joram use case to make sure it worked.
[Tue 12:52:54] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:53:18] <rgrant>	dlongley: and you can constrain them to say that they can only authenticate using certain methods
[Tue 12:53:25] <ChristopherA>	ack manu
[Tue 12:53:25] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to note that we ran through the entire Joram use case to make sure it worked.).
[Tue 12:53:44] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[Tue 12:53:47] <voip-ccg>	KimHD [SIP/73.193.23.65-00000193] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:53:50] <rgrant>	manu: general read on the DID spec: conflation between authentication and authorization
[Tue 12:54:22] <kimhd>	voip: 1cc is kimhd
[Tue 12:54:23] <voip-ccg>	Associated kimhd with SIP/73.193.23.65-000001cc.
[Tue 12:54:24] <rgrant>	q+ manu: conflation in logical intent, or easily misunderstood wording?
[Tue 12:54:24] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been added to the queue: rgrant
[Tue 12:54:38] <rgrant>	manu: went back to review Joram use case
[Tue 12:54:52] <rgrant>	manu: we were able to use data structures to walk through use case.
[Tue 12:55:03] *	kimhd ChristopherA probably my fault. I got another linphone call and tried to stop that
[Tue 12:55:05] <rgrant>	manu: want to present at RWOT
[Tue 12:55:15] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: we need to get Ethereum people back here
[Tue 12:55:16] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:55:16] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: rgrant
[Tue 12:55:30] <manu>	rgrant: What was the conflation?
[Tue 12:56:08] <rgrant>	manu: it was design flaw in logical intent that led to a confused deputy attack when delegating and then the total loss of identity (read: it was really bad)
[Tue 12:56:24] <MosesMa>	q+
[Tue 12:56:24] <voip-ccg>	MosesMa has been added to the queue: rgrant, MosesMa
[Tue 12:56:30] <manu>	ack rgrant 
[Tue 12:56:30] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has the floor (manu: conflation in logical intent, or easily misunderstood wording?).
[Tue 12:56:40] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: the blockchain CG is shutting down.  there were possibly a couple issues to import, that were being discussed there.
[Tue 12:57:09] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: the problem is can Web Ledger work with multiple blockchains
[Tue 12:58:01] <rgrant>	manu: there was a futile attempt to align the data model across all blockchains.
[Tue 12:58:09] <manu>	Web Ledger Protocol - https://w3c.github.io/web-ledger/
[Tue 12:58:16] <rgrant>	manu: as you all know, blockchains are just state machines... you get in events, write them to the ledger, that updates the state machine. We've been working on a unified data model and protocol that would enable generalized blockchain clients (just basic ability to read blocks and events... the contents are always going to be specific to the blockchain). Think of it kinda like HTTP for blockchains.
[Tue 12:58:36] <voip-ccg>	Chris Chapman [SIP/10.1.71.170-000001cd] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:58:42] <rgrant>	manu: it could be that this group picks up some of this
[Tue 12:59:03] <voip-ccg>	Chris Chapman [SIP/10.1.71.170-000001cd] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:59:08] <voip-ccg>	Michael Lodder [SIP/evernym.onsip.com-0000018f] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:59:12] <rgrant>	manu: this group could pick up Veres One.  this isn't a central work item for the group
[Tue 12:59:13] *	mike-lodder has quit ("Leaving")
[Tue 12:59:50] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: interested in general concept of the API.
[Tue 13:00:05] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: some work to untangle things.
[Tue 13:00:35] *	dlongley DIF ?
[Tue 13:00:40] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: good to see things being registered.  this group could be a placeholder for things so that they don't get lost.
[Tue 13:00:52] <rgrant>	manu: Microsoft has released their own blockchain, the Coco Framework
[Tue 13:01:01] <rgrant>	manu: it feels like Hyperledger Indy in design, any feedback from Sovrin/Evernym folks?
[Tue 13:01:14] <rgrant>	manu: what is the interplay between that work and the DIF?
[Tue 13:01:29] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: Drummond isn't here, anyone else from Evernym want to say something?
[Tue 13:01:56] <manu>	http://www.reuters.com/article/us-microsoft-blockchain-idUSKBN1AQ1KD
[Tue 13:02:10] <dlongley>	Coco Framework
[Tue 13:02:48] <rgrant>	manu: they say "it's a framework for blockchains", but it looks like a specific blockchain
[Tue 13:02:49] <manu>	https://github.com/Azure/coco-framework/blob/master/docs/Coco%20Framework%20whitepaper.pdf
[Tue 13:03:19] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: also confused between Sovrin and Indy, which is hyperledger's implementation
[Tue 13:03:31] *	manu excellent answer, nage !
[Tue 13:03:39] *	rgrant missed that, but it sounded useful.  anyone summarize?
[Tue 13:04:00] <rgrant>	q?
[Tue 13:04:00] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: MosesMa
[Tue 13:04:00] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 13:04:00] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: MosesMa
[Tue 13:04:17] *	dlongley muted?
[Tue 13:04:44] <voip-ccg>	Paul Simmonds [SIP/192.168.2.34-000001ce] has joined the conference.
[Tue 13:05:07] <rgrant>	MosesMa: talking to Aeternym in Paris.  They're working with ISO, and coming in October (to RWOT) to bridge the groups.  we should work harder to collaborate.
[Tue 13:05:11] <voip-ccg>	Paul Simmonds [SIP/192.168.2.34-000001ce] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:05:13] *	manu thanks MosesMa, had no idea that was going on! 
[Tue 13:05:15] <nage>	Sovrin is an installed instance of Hyperledger Indy for global public identity.  Just like you can run multiple instances of a database like MySQL a network can run an installation of a blockchain, Sovrin is an instance of Indy for public identity.
[Tue 13:05:41] *	kimhd Moses: collaborate on what? I missed that
[Tue 13:05:49] *	manu kimhd DIDs...
[Tue 13:05:52] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: we want to make a presentation at W3C TPAC
[Tue 13:06:01] *	manu kimhd Sounds like ISO has a DID replacement....
[Tue 13:06:09] *	kimhd ahhh
[Tue 13:06:28] <rgrant>	burn: VCWG chairs are working on agenda
[Tue 13:06:37] <MosesMa>	TPAC: https://www.w3.org/2017/11/TPAC/
[Tue 13:07:01] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: kimhd what's our plan?
[Tue 13:07:10] *	dlongley Mastodon
[Tue 13:07:29] <rgrant>	kimhd: request from Christopher Webber to cover his project, else DID work.
[Tue 13:07:48] <rgrant>	manu: let's talk about data model for DDOs.
[Tue 13:08:07] *	kimhd does anyone have a link for ISO's DID replacement?
[Tue 13:08:08] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: we should invite Christian from Ethereum uPort. I'll do that.
[Tue 13:08:09] <voip-ccg>	Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000001a5] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:08:17] <rgrant>	ChristopherA: thx all.  See everyone next week!
[Tue 13:08:20] <manu>	Present+ simmonds, sporny, longley, kimhd, lehn, squarfed, christophera, nage, mosesma, burn, lionel, migus, grant, bice, gropper, lehn, chadwick

