[Tue 11:04:20] <gkellogg>	scribe: gkellogg
[Tue 11:04:57] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Jun/0103.html
[Tue 11:05:16] *	bsletten (4c0e7b79@gateway/web/freenode/ip.76.14.123.121) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:05:29] <gkellogg>	manu: on agenda, update to WG plan, recruiting, and maybe DIDs discussion.
[Tue 11:05:57] <manu>	voip: 0015 is Eric
[Tue 11:05:57] <voip-cr>	Associated Eric with SIP/69.71.222.196-00000015.
[Tue 11:06:07] <manu>	Topic: Credentials WG Plan
[Tue 11:06:27] <gkellogg>	manu: I had a discussion with W3C Staff last week, and the payments IG had a discussion on Monday.
[Tue 11:06:52] <gkellogg>	… Due to feedback in round-table and W3C got after F2F meeting ,,,
[Tue 11:07:05] <gkellogg>	… A number of people came back saying they didn’t intend for it to be struck.
[Tue 11:07:16] <gkellogg>	… We have a go-ahead for pitching a WG to W3C.
[Tue 11:07:49] *	SLee (8e884c69@gateway/web/freenode/ip.142.136.76.105) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:07:53] <gkellogg>	… W3CM would like to see a list of organizations that are committed to joining the work if it gets started at W3C. We have a list started, but we need more organizations interested.
[Tue 11:07:57] <manu>	voip: 1f is SunnyLee
[Tue 11:07:57] <voip-cr>	Associated SunnyLee with SIP/142.136.76.105-0000001f.
[Tue 11:08:10] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:08:10] <voip-cr>	Conference participants are: Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000005], MattCollier [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000006], Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.4-00000007], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.160-00000008], Richard [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000009], Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000000a], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000000d], Eric [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000015], 17783522252 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000001a], 15087286074 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000001e], SunnyLee [SIP/142.136.76.105-0
[Tue 11:08:18] <manu>	voip: 001e is JimGoodell
[Tue 11:08:18] <voip-cr>	Associated JimGoodell with SIP/69.71.222.196-0000001e.
[Tue 11:08:33] <manu>	voip: 001a is ChristofDorn
[Tue 11:08:33] <voip-cr>	Associated ChristofDorn with SIP/69.71.222.196-0000001a.
[Tue 11:08:34] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:08:35] <voip-cr>	Conference participants are: Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000005], MattCollier [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000006], Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.4-00000007], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.160-00000008], Richard [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000009], Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000000a], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000000d], Eric [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000015], ChristofDorn [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000001a], JimGoodell [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000001e], SunnyLee [SIP/142.136.76.105-0
[Tue 11:09:36] <gkellogg>	manu: they’ve looked at the list in Credentials CG and would like to see more representatives from a broader set of organizations.
[Tue 11:10:01] <gkellogg>	… They’d like to see about 30 organizations before they’re comfortable with proposing a new WG to W3CM.
[Tue 11:10:24] <gkellogg>	… There are a number of back-channel discussions working against us, particularly from the security community.
[Tue 11:10:41] <gkellogg>	… Unfortunately, they’re not coming here, but are voicing directly to W3CM.
[Tue 11:10:56] <gkellogg>	… There are 2 blog posts/papers they’d like to see us put together to counter these arguments.
[Tue 11:11:23] <gkellogg>	… 1) What makes this credentials approach different from the last 15 years of approaches that have failed: SAML, OpenID Connect, …
[Tue 11:11:53] <gkellogg>	… 2) Define where W3C can add value. Why should the work be done at W3C vs IETF/OASIS/ISO?
[Tue 11:12:53] <gkellogg>	… The Payments IG will wait for us to put this strategy together, in concert with some W3C Staff, to put together a proposal that will be a sell to W3CM.
[Tue 11:12:57] <dlongley>	voip-cr: 0023 is Dave Longley
[Tue 11:12:57] <voip-cr>	Associated Dave Longley with SIP/69.71.222.196-00000023.
[Tue 11:13:21] <gkellogg>	… Also joining will be some banking and finance, where were taken aback by what happened at the Payments IG F2F.
[Tue 11:13:39] <gkellogg>	… That puts us in a better possition than a week or so ago, but still not where we want to be.
[Tue 11:14:17] <gkellogg>	richard: what would be the timeline for deciding yes/no, and where?
[Tue 11:14:26] <NateOtto>	Are the concerns shared specifically about security and privacy? Was there anything specific that was critiqued about the suggested technical approach in this CG?
[Tue 11:14:52] <gkellogg>	manu: the question will be does W3CM feel comfortable proposing a draft charter to the membership in August? That would be the most agressive thing that can happen.
[Tue 11:15:03] <gkellogg>	… We may still be able to have our first meeting at TPAC.
[Tue 11:15:36] <gkellogg>	… Less agressive would be September, which would be too late for TPAC. We’d probably try to have a meeting there anyway. That would drive more people into the group.
[Tue 11:15:47] <gkellogg>	… Or, we can’t do it at all :(
[Tue 11:16:28] <gkellogg>	NateOtto: were concerns from security and privacy related directly to that?
[Tue 11:16:42] <gkellogg>	manu: I don’t think the loudest critics really understand what we’re trying to do.
[Tue 11:17:01] <gkellogg>	… “I don’t think it’s a good idea to create an identifier that can be used across multiple websites”, for example.
[Tue 11:17:13] <NateOtto>	oh, like an email address . ;)
[Tue 11:17:26] <gkellogg>	… There is privacy push-back; they’d rather see bearer credtitials.
[Tue 11:17:40] <gkellogg>	… Also against using an email address.
[Tue 11:18:33] <gkellogg>	… I think this group cares very deeply about privacy, and we want to be sure we are as privacy enhancing as possible, without gutting the core use case.
[Tue 11:18:45] <NateOtto>	+1 to being as privacy-enhancing as possible without gutting the core use case.
[Tue 11:19:17] <gkellogg>	… The other thing is security: “why aren’t you guys using JOSE for using signatures, why propose a new mechanism?”
[Tue 11:19:44] <gkellogg>	… Thinks we’re trying to end-around the security community with LD-Signatures, and trying to go around JOSE.
[Tue 11:20:13] <gkellogg>	… It’s not that, but they’re quite focused on JOSE, and don’t have spare-bandwidth to look at LD-Signatures. Clearly we’ll get a good security review.
[Tue 11:21:02] <gkellogg>	NateOtto: working in the badges community, we have concerns as well. Is it possible to put the genie back in the bottle.
[Tue 11:21:35] <eric_r_korb>	+1
[Tue 11:21:38] <gkellogg>	… Eventually we’ll need a high-level security review, but we could always go back to JOSE if LD-Signatures won’t work. We’ll work with the security community to make sure we have a valid solution.
[Tue 11:22:29] <gkellogg>	manu: ALso, note that LD-Signatures is not inventing new cryptographic methods. The problem is that the statements are coming from someone who doesn’t understand this. We’re simply re-using RSA, eliptic curve, …
[Tue 11:22:56] <gkellogg>	… The new thing is the normalization and message structure of the signature.
[Tue 11:23:19] <gkellogg>	… Once security folks at the F2F understood this, they thought it would be straight-forward.
[Tue 11:24:01] <gkellogg>	eric: the idea of signing the credentials, is it critically important, or is it an option?
[Tue 11:24:21] <gkellogg>	… The badge aliance is mostly doing hosted credentials, and signing isn’t as important.
[Tue 11:24:26] <gkellogg>	… Can we make this optional?
[Tue 11:24:43] <gkellogg>	manu: Sure, they don’t need to be signed. There can be other ways of validating.
[Tue 11:25:03] <gkellogg>	… If an open badges badge has an alternate way of validating, that mechanism could be used.
[Tue 11:25:18] <gkellogg>	… Signatures are for hard cases like financial use cases.
[Tue 11:25:23] <eric_r_korb>	+1
[Tue 11:25:28] <gkellogg>	… Other industries don’t have the same high-stakes requirements.
[Tue 11:25:42] <gkellogg>	… IF you recieve a signed credential, you don’t even have to validate it.
[Tue 11:26:29] <gkellogg>	eric: an reciever should validate, if it needs to. If it’s not there, and you don’t mind it not being there, you should be able to use it.
[Tue 11:27:34] <gkellogg>	richard: we should probably be exploring a parallel path, in case the W3C doesn’t work out.
[Tue 11:29:14] <gkellogg>	manu: I have some concerns over sending mixed messages if approaching both W3C and IMS Global.
[Tue 11:29:47] <gkellogg>	… We may want to take IMS Global guys aside to discuss them as an alternative.
[Tue 11:30:09] <gkellogg>	eric: I don’t think it’s an either/or, it’s a “please join the work”
[Tue 11:30:47] <gkellogg>	richard: there’s an opportuinty for IMSG to bring some new things to the table. It’s getting them to associate the work they’re going to do anyway with the W3C initiative.
[Tue 11:31:05] <gkellogg>	… It could grow into a broader standards effort if we don’t get anywhere with the W3C.
[Tue 11:31:09] <eric_r_korb>	the project we currrently working on is eTranscript to be demoed at educause
[Tue 11:32:07] <gkellogg>	manu: this group is focusing on recruiting. I have an action to write up 2 blog posts about what’s different about what we’re doing.
[Tue 11:32:23] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:32:23] <voip-cr>	Conference participants are: Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000005], MattCollier [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000006], Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.4-00000007], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.160-00000008], Richard [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000009], Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000000a], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000000d], Eric [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000015], ChristofDorn [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000001a], JimGoodell [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000001e], SunnyLee [SIP/142.136.76.105-0
[Tue 11:32:23] <voip-cr>	Longley [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000023], Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-00000024].
[Tue 11:32:38] <manu>	Topic: Introductions of New Members
[Tue 11:32:49] <eric_r_korb>	IMS Global Project http://www.imsglobal.org/cbe/index.html
[Tue 11:32:58] <gkellogg>	matt_collier: working with Digital Bazaar on this and authorization.io.
[Tue 11:33:45] <gkellogg>	christoph: I work independently. My focus is on software tooling. I’m interested in creating an open prototype embodying the specs and staying up to date, and allow people to on-board early.
[Tue 11:34:25] <gkellogg>	jim: I’m with Quality Information Partners, we’ve been working on common education standards. I’m interested form education- and workforce- credientials cases.
[Tue 11:34:37] <eric_r_korb>	Welcome all!
[Tue 11:34:47] <manu>	Topic: Recruiting
[Tue 11:35:02] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1u0DC4U7jAayv1IvOY2qu7nMRtiFOPxwCT3BkPJek5ho/edit
[Tue 11:35:28] *	SLee has quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)
[Tue 11:35:44] <gkellogg>	manu: I’ll get a list by EOD to eric and richard with W3C members who have not yet responded.
[Tue 11:36:20] <gkellogg>	… Last week we had said it might be a better strategy for people to construct their own introductions and try to bring people on board.
[Tue 11:36:43] <gkellogg>	… I’d like folks to commit to contact new large W3C members.
[Tue 11:37:35] <gkellogg>	eric: I’ve started on Parchment, but haven’t yet reached out awaiting dodumentation.
[Tue 11:37:47] <gkellogg>	… I wanted to be sure we had an agreed upon common message.
[Tue 11:37:56] <gkellogg>	manu: we’re backing off on that. There’s the executive summary.
[Tue 11:38:16] <manu>	Open Credentials Executive Summary: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Nq543-Am1hQUIZ2hhzAFl8KexvIEBwDDc_f3Ikz1opQ/edit
[Tue 11:38:45] <gkellogg>	manu: we’re transitioning over to “hard asks”; you should have everythign you need to make the initial contact/ask.
[Tue 11:39:40] <gkellogg>	manu: eric, I have you against Accreditrust, Credly, Scrip-Safe and Iq4.
[Tue 11:40:49] <gkellogg>	… (More discussions of assignments captured in document)
[Tue 11:42:29] <NateOtto>	Discendum Oy
[Tue 11:43:09] <NateOtto>	DigitalME
[Tue 11:44:21] <gkellogg>	manu: what W3C really wants to know is if new organizations will become members. That’s the main thing they need to see.
[Tue 11:45:38] <gkellogg>	… Mozilla is in a strange place; the people at the F2F were pretty much opposed to what we’re doing.
[Tue 11:45:58] <gkellogg>	… If David Barron doesn’t feel that Mozilla should be involved, they won’t be.
[Tue 11:46:14] <gkellogg>	Nate: They’re involved with the Badge Alliance, though.
[Tue 11:46:40] <gkellogg>	… They’re committed to supporting badges going forward.
[Tue 11:46:51] <gkellogg>	manu: the key would be to get that person from Mozilla involved in the work.
[Tue 11:47:08] <gkellogg>	… We’ve been hearing from people not involved in the work at Mozilla speaking out.
[Tue 11:47:19] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:47:19] <voip-cr>	Conference participants are: Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000005], MattCollier [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000006], Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.4-00000007], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.160-00000008], Richard [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000009], Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000000a], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000000d], Eric [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000015], ChristofDorn [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000001a], JimGoodell [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000001e], SunnyLee [SIP/142.136.76.105-0
[Tue 11:47:20] <voip-cr>	Longley [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000023], Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-00000024].
[Tue 11:51:33] *	victoriano (~vic@90.161.204.253) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:51:48] <gkellogg>	manu: we have the Merchant Advisory Group that said they’d join. The contact person is from Walmart, which is great.
[Tue 11:52:06] <bsletten>	Manu, Is NACS on the list?
[Tue 11:55:17] <gkellogg>	manu: we have strong connects with NACS, Veriphone, and ???
[Tue 11:56:46] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.4-00000007] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:56:46] <voip-cr>	Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000005] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:56:46] <voip-cr>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000000d] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:56:47] <voip-cr>	Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.160-00000008] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:56:49] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-00000024] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:56:54] *	bsletten has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 11:56:57] <voip-cr>	MattCollier [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000006] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:56:57] <voip-cr>	ChristofDorn [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000001a] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:56:59] <voip-cr>	Richard [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000009] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:56:59] <voip-cr>	Dave Longley [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000023] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:57:00] <voip-cr>	JimGoodell [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000001e] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:57:02] <voip-cr>	Eric [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000015] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:57:02] <voip-cr>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000000a] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:57:02] <manu>	Present+ Sunny, rob
