[Tue 11:05:00] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Aug/0022.html
[Tue 11:05:00] <manu>	scribenick: dlongley
[Tue 11:05:00] <manu>	Date: 2015-08-12
[Tue 11:05:31] <dlongley>	manu: We're adding one agenda item which is an introduction by Annie Janssen from Parchment.
[Tue 11:05:35] <dlongley>	manu: Any other changes?
[Tue 11:05:53] <voip-cr>	16092160944 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000000d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:58] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to Annie Jenssen
[Tue 11:06:21] *	LFowler (90515565@gateway/web/freenode/ip.144.81.85.101) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:07:12] <dlongley>	Annie: Hi, Annie Jenssen - product manager at Parchment. Parchment is primarily an e-transcript company, we have a conusmer company - parchment.com. We have lots of highschools using transcripts - I manage consumer-side of things. Website where highschoolers can log on. Right now adding other credential types. We've partnered with CLA so students can order their credentials, diplomas, certifications, other types of academic credential.
[Tue 11:07:41] <manu>	voip: 0d is Laura
[Tue 11:07:41] <voip-cr>	Associated Laura with SIP/69.71.222.196-0000000d.
[Tue 11:07:43] <dlongley>	manu: Great, welcome to the group. Are you joining the group long term or are you just joining in? What do you hope to get out of the group over the next couple of meetings?
[Tue 11:08:12] <manu>	Annie: I'm joining the group - joining community groups to get an idea of what's going on in the Credential landscape. Working on consumer side, want to make sure I'm in the loop with everything that's going on in the credentialing world.
[Tue 11:08:25] <dlongley>	manu: Awesome. Any other questions for Annie before we move on?
[Tue 11:08:26] <dlongley>	none
[Tue 11:08:47] <manu>	Topic: Recruiting
[Tue 11:09:06] *	NateOtto (~textual@c-71-237-170-49.hsd1.or.comcast.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:09:07] *	manu current status of recruiting - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1EadYPH2Wja03SpP79wpDOgKn8JW8LA2aBKWOygEiKWA/edit#gid=1202511537
[Tue 11:09:50] <dlongley>	manu: We need to another round of pings to make sure people have seen the recruiting questionnaire and they will it out.
[Tue 11:10:14] <voip-cr>	19088126557 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000000f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:31] <manu>	voip: 0f is Eric
[Tue 11:10:31] <voip-cr>	Associated Eric with SIP/69.71.222.196-0000000f.
[Tue 11:10:48] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-00000010] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:49] <voip-cr>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000011] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:57] *	dlongley scribe this?
[Tue 11:11:06] <dlongley>	manu: The other thing that is happening right now is this case that we're making to W3C that credentials are worth doing. The first two blog posts are done.
[Tue 11:11:15] *	manu Credentials via W3C http://manu.sporny.org/2015/credentials-via-w3c/
[Tue 11:11:40] *	manu Credentials Retrospective http://manu.sporny.org/2015/credentials-retrospective/
[Tue 11:11:45] <dlongley>	manu: We've got a bunch of background material in the second post that strengthens the arguments made in the first post.
[Tue 11:12:03] <dlongley>	manu: I've circulated this with people that will be on the call to discuss in the next couple weeks.
[Tue 11:12:30] <dlongley>	manu: If you can send me feedback so I can make changes/updates to it that would be great. Initial response from W3C staff has been that it's good and they are appreciative of all the background research that went into it.
[Tue 11:12:54] <dlongley>	manu: For those joining late, we've got another 60 orgs that haven't responded yet and we need to ping those.
[Tue 11:13:25] <dlongley>	manu: We need Matt Stone, John Tibbetts, Eric, to re-ping people on the list.
[Tue 11:13:32] <dlongley>	manu: We need responses to the questionnaire.
[Tue 11:13:48] <manu>	This is the form that we're asking organizations to fill out: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1GQJg-SQ6vQ0iUdCFrA5WWcja7bpQv6U5ryLXYSzeRcI/edit
[Tue 11:13:50] <dlongley>	John: I'll be seeing some of these people next week. I can talk to them then.
[Tue 11:13:55] <dlongley>	manu: That would be fantastic.
[Tue 11:14:07] <dlongley>	manu: Any other updates on recruiting?
[Tue 11:26:45] <dlongley>	Richard: I got a phone call, Gary from ETS and I, and we talked with Accenture and they'll run it up the poll and get back to us about joining. They were worried about time commitment and I told them to not worry about committing a technical expert for every meeting, etc.
[Tue 11:27:51] <dlongley>	Richard: We met with IMS Global and met with someone who is running their credential effort there. They are having initiatives about competency based education another on credentials. It was "Carla Casilli".
[Tue 11:28:11] <dlongley>	Richard: She's leading the work there now.
[Tue 11:28:15] <erkorb_rm>	manu and korb had presented to Carla.
[Tue 11:28:30] <erkorb_rm>	Carla is have a session at IMS next week on Tuesday.
[Tue 11:28:36] <dlongley>	Richard: She's inviting the right people, etc. She mentioned you've talked with her.
[Tue 11:28:53] <dlongley>	manu: Eric and I did a presentation with her around July 9th.
[Tue 11:29:00] <dlongley>	Richard: They will kick off their calls and discussions soon.
[Tue 11:29:08] <dlongley>	manu: Thanks for the update Richard, fantastic news on Accenture.
[Tue 11:14:55] <manu>	Topic: Roadmap
[Tue 11:14:55] <dlongley>	manu: There's one huge multimillion dollar tech company I'm speaking with right now -- they've said they are interested in the work, hopefully they'll join and I can talk about them soon.
[Tue 11:15:22] <erkorb_rm>	eric: I've been working on vocabs
[Tue 11:15:24] <dlongley>	Brian: I was planning on working on the Use Case document this week.
[Tue 11:15:34] <voip-cr>	16097341186 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000012] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:15:38] <dlongley>	manu: Eric has been working on the glossary.
[Tue 11:15:43] <dlongley>	manu: I need to resync docs.
[Tue 11:15:54] <manu>	voip: 0012 is RichardVarn
[Tue 11:15:54] <voip-cr>	Associated RichardVarn with SIP/69.71.222.196-00000012.
[Tue 11:17:06] <dlongley>	manu: The last document, the Capabilities, kind of sprang out of the detailed blog post, the credentials retrospective. One of the things the W3C staff asked for was a list of capabilities that an open credentials system should have. Because we hadn't written that list down yet, we were able to chat with a few of you offline and come up with that list. The credentials retrospective post above in IRC has a list of goals for a credentials ecosystem and a list of capabilities for that system.
[Tue 11:18:06] <dlongley>	manu: There are things like using an extensible data model, ensuring that multiple market verticals can create their own credentials without central coordination. Web-based PKI and digital signatures. These are all capabilities we believe the system should have. We analyze other existing technology matches those capabilities or not.
[Tue 11:18:19] <dlongley>	manu: Quite a bit of work has gone into that and I think that will be the first very rough draft of those things split out by area.
[Tue 11:18:42] <dlongley>	manu: 4 bigs areas: Issuing, storing, managing lifecycle, and consumption of credentials.
[Tue 11:18:43] <erkorb_rm>	eric: @brian what doc file are you using? Happy to contribute a few use cases.
[Tue 11:18:51] <dlongley>	manu: We've got features underneath that that we can get from the blog post.
[Tue 11:19:41] *	Richard (9051550a@gateway/web/freenode/ip.144.81.85.10) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:19:44] *	manu apologizes to dlongley, who's been scribing the entire time. :(
[Tue 11:20:05] *	Richard is now known as Guest81324
[Tue 11:20:10] <dlongley>	John: I have one suggestion, about the blogs. I thought the post on successes and failures was compelling. But I think what's missing (but not from this document, this is about "what's out there")... if there was a follow on document that says "Here's how the technologies we're working on would deal with this." A sentence or two about what parts of the technology would address the capabilities and so forth would be good.
[Tue 11:22:12] <dlongley>	manu: I absolutely agree, but let me give you some background. When I talked to the W3C staff members, and the best way to address it is to say the problem exists, list the problems, then go into all the things people are scared about when talking about credentials, loss of privacy, lack of anonymity, problem solved before, etc. Then talk about all of the things that have been tried before and why they aren't an acceptable solution ... and then leave it there. Don't talk about the solution the CG has created yet because we need to first get people on board that there is a problem and that we need a solution. They've got products, etc. that need these things. Once people are on the same page for the basic philosophy for what we're trying to do. Then we can talk about how the proposal we have, at least from the CG, addresses those capabilities.
[Tue 11:22:47] <dlongley>	manu: The W3C staff thought that getting into the CG's solution too quickly that people would fixate on that and it would detract from getting consensus on the high level vision and capabilities.
[Tue 11:23:06] <dlongley>	manu: I will try and write the CG solution blog post and so folks like you can take that post and show it as a proposed solution.
[Tue 11:29:27] <erkorb_rm>	eric: Ek feedback on blog post: Do we need to distinguish between identity and credentials? Is there one?
[Tue 11:30:24] <dlongley>	Manu: Yes, there is a strong distinction that we make in the technical work between identity and credentials. We've also been trying to be very careful to not say that we're trying to solve the identity problem on the Web because it's got huge scope. We're just trying to talk about issuing, storing, consuming credentials.
[Tue 11:30:32] <erkorb_rm>	eric: concern that W3C sees it as the same
[Tue 11:30:36] <dlongley>	manu: Maybe we can try to make that more clear in the blog post.
[Tue 11:30:47] <dlongley>	manu: We're going to have to try and make that point clear to them.
[Tue 11:31:04] <NateOtto>	-1 to verifiable attributes
[Tue 11:31:10] <erkorb_rm>	-1
[Tue 11:31:11] <dlongley>	manu: They've also said they don't want to call it "credentialing" and instead use "verifiable attributes" because it's too generic but that's even more generic to me.
[Tue 11:31:16] <stonematt>	-1 to "verifiable attributes" also
[Tue 11:31:28] <dlongley>	manu: We said we've been calling it credentials and we're comfortable with it and these are the experts so we should call it that.
[Tue 11:31:42] <dlongley>	manu: We were expecting the group to push back so that's good, we're in line.
[Tue 11:32:04] <bsletten>	-1 to verifiable attributes and external names for our topics of discussion :)
[Tue 11:32:12] <erkorb_rm>	eric: so, the login systems in the blog post, are they identity or credential systems?
[Tue 11:32:19] <dlongley>	manu: Next topic will be talking about the capabilities for the ecosystem and current proposal the CG is putting forward.
[Tue 11:32:20] <stone>	employer: "show me your credentials" -- not "what are verifiable attributes"
[Tue 11:32:25] <erkorb_rm>	eric: in chart
[Tue 11:33:21] *	Guest81324 has quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)
[Tue 11:33:55] <erkorb_rm>	+1 destinction!
[Tue 11:34:14] <dlongley>	manu: Login systems in the blog post are viewed by the browser manufacturers as credentialing systems, some call them light-weight identity systems. I think the credentials CG is the only standards-related group that has a glossary and has gone through the technical differences of specific systems on the Web like persona, etc. and distinguished them from Mozilla Open Badges and other credentialing systems, etc. In the blog post we talk about anything that could be considered an identity/credentialing system in order to case a pretty wide net to catch things people might often bring up. For example, we're talking about credentials and people might say "Oh that sounds like Oauth" and we put that tech in the post even if that technology isn't a good fit for the depth of the problem and what we're trying to get to.
[Tue 11:34:21] <manu>	Topic: Credentialing Capabilities and Current Proposal
[Tue 11:34:27] <dlongley>	manu: We just want to make sure we address common things that are brought up even if they don't fit.
[Tue 11:34:57] <dlongley>	John: If we walk down the capability list and then say a sentence or phrase for how our proposal addresses the issue.
[Tue 11:35:03] <dlongley>	JohnTib: That would be good.
[Tue 11:35:23] <dlongley>	Matt: I'd like to know in addition to that, some level of certainty that we know about this spec ... is it well understood or do we have open issues that need to be solved, etc.
[Tue 11:35:43] *	manu http://manu.sporny.org/2015/credentials-retrospective/#goals
[Tue 11:35:50] <dlongley>	manu: So I'll do "What is our solution, how does it rate on the scale, and how sure are we/what tweaks need to be made with our solution?"
[Tue 11:36:07] <dlongley>	manu: The goals are meant to be fairly high-level, they are from our vision statement.
[Tue 11:36:23] <dlongley>	manu: The distinction that we're making is that ... that people have asked. ... what's the difference between a "goal" and a "capability" and a "feature".
[Tue 11:36:46] <dlongley>	manu: Capabilities are things that the system should do. When you're talking about a credentialing ecosystem, it should be able to do these things, issue, store, manage credentials, etc.
[Tue 11:37:27] <dlongley>	manu: Features are not capabilities, it is just a talking point around a piece of software. It's a thing a software product has. Marketing folks can talk about those features. Today we're just going over the capabilities. The things we want a credentialing ecosystem to have. Keep in mind that this list may not be complete and may need to be refined.
[Tue 11:37:48] *	manu http://manu.sporny.org/2015/credentials-retrospective/#capabilities
[Tue 11:37:50] <dlongley>	manu: As we go over the capabilities we'll talk through them, refine them, and they'll eventually find their way into a capabilities document.
[Tue 11:38:16] <dlongley>	manu: "Extensible Data Model" -- this has to do with choosing a way of modeling the data that will allow arbitrary statements to be made.
[Tue 11:39:36] <dlongley>	manu: This is a fundamental aspect of the W3C's Linked Data/Semantic Web movement. There are open world and closed world systems. The Web is an open world system; anyone can say anything about anyone else. The fundamental data model for doing that at W3C is called the Resource Description Framework (RDF), very flexible, very will understood, under development for 15 years. There are still fights over what the right solution for the Web should be, academics vs. technical experts etc. XML tree model vs. RDF vs. whatever.
[Tue 11:40:06] <dlongley>	manu: We've tried to get the right practitioners into our camp and we're using RDF via a JSON-LD syntax. We have a number of reasons why we're using that.
[Tue 11:40:23] <dlongley>	manu: Any organization or person should be able to make any claims about any other org or person.
[Tue 11:41:02] <dlongley>	manu: "Choice of Syntax" - So the data model is an abstract thing, concepts related to other concepts, this person knows this person who is in the organization and they know another person who has a high school transcript that has this piece of information, etc. It doesn't say how we express it to a computer.
[Tue 11:41:58] <dlongley> blame: The core of the issue here seem less in the representation and more in how statements translate to a real state of affairs in the world.
[Tue 11:41:58] <dlongley>	manu: So this is about syntax. Syntaxes come and go. There's XML, then HTML, then JSON, then this then that. If we're going to pick something that will be long lived then we should decouple the syntax from the data model that expresses it. Today we're going to pick JSON-LD to express the data model, but if it goes out of favor by 2025, then the data model doesn't have to change.
[Tue 11:43:11] <dlongley>	manu: There's a subject, predicate, and object ... in the data model. "Jane likes cookies". Every language works like this. RDF works like this; it's a very flexible data model. We're making an assumption that JSON-LD is great today but it may go out of favor in 10 years. We don't want our solution to fall apart if the syntax goes out of favor. So we create this separation to avoid that.
[Tue 11:44:57] <dlongley>	manu: "Decentralized Vocabularies" - A vocabulary is a language that you use to describe something. The language that is important to a Pharmacist or Medical board, is very different from the language someone that is issuing a plumber's license of an electronic transcript speaks. The terminology that they use is very different. We shouldn't require those industry vertical to come to a central place to agree on the language. They should be able to develop their own language independently and innovate in parallel. It enables market verticals to be able to come up with their own solutions and talk about their industry how they want to and not worry about how Google or IETF or whomever wants to talk about their industry.
[Tue 11:46:38] <dlongley>	manu: So these vocabularies allow us to create this architecture and then let the people who come up with the credentials to decide the language that's important to them and they don't have to coordinate with us. It may seem like it's common sense, but if you look at, for example OpenID Connect specs, it tells you exactly how you express X, Y, and Z. If anyone in Finance wanted to start talking about insurance IDs, KYC stuff, etc. they'd have to go to IETF and lobby them to have it added to the vocabulary. The IETF should not be in control of how the education, pharmaceutical, etc. verticals mark up their vocabularies.
[Tue 11:46:48] <dlongley>	JohnTib: All clear to me.
[Tue 11:46:55] <erkorb_rm>	+1
[Tue 11:47:01] <blame>	+1
[Tue 11:47:10] <erkorb_rm>	eric: keep going! great to hear you speak
[Tue 11:47:13] <NateOtto>	+1 Decentralized vocabularies are great.
[Tue 11:47:29] <dlongley>	manu: Apologies if this is a firehose of information, but it's taken us 4+ to get through all of this and it may take time to sink in if it's new.
[Tue 11:47:29] <stonematt>	+1 Decentralized vocabularies are essential
[Tue 11:47:45] <dlongley>	manu: It was so easy for us to integrate and interoperate with mozilla open badges stuff because we've taken this open world approach.
[Tue 11:47:51] <dlongley>	manu: This design approach is the reason for that.
[Tue 11:47:55] <erkorb_rm>	+1 decentralized vocabs
[Tue 11:48:04] *	AdrianHB (~AdrianHB@105.210.218.178) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:49:08] *	AdrianHB has quit (Client Quit)
[Tue 11:51:53] <dlongley>	manu: Web-based PKI. This might be a bit harder to grasp for people who aren't familiar with security. I'll try to explain. Most PKI systems, like those developed in 80's, 90's. They require an X.509 certificate, if you've seen the pad lock on your browser, etc. you're using this infrastructure. In the beginning this infrastructure this was very secure; it was difficult to issue "root" certificates for issuing these for websites. But now the number of orgs issuing root certs has grown to some 280 orgs/etc. The problem is that the US gov't can issue certs for any org on the planet ... and so can China, India, Pakistan. There are times when US and Chinese interests aren't aligned (or whomever). So when you're inside China you get a chinese certificate and they snoop all your traffic, etc. Nation states do this all the time. The other problem with this system is that there has to be a root of trust. In general, your organization has to depend on some other organization for who you can trust. So you have to trust both China and the US to use your web browser in some circumstances which leads to problems. What we're setting up doesn't require you to have this big list of certificates in the same way; you can be picker with who you trust. When you get a credential in this system, there will be multiple signatures on it; one from the recipient, one from the issuer, possibly ones from endorsers. The traditional way this worked was that the system that was verifying the signatures needed to have all of the certificates for all of the organizations out there on your system already.
[Tue 11:52:11] <dlongley>	manu: And that meant that centralization was encouraged so you just trusted some big players.
[Tue 11:52:59] <dlongley>	manu: Here the playing field is more level where you can decide who to trust. All of the information you need to verify the credential is in the credential or linked to it via the Web. You can have small players claim keys and use them. And the infrastructure is much more scalable as a result.
[Tue 11:53:14] <stone>	I have a question on this topic
[Tue 11:53:27] <dlongley>	manu: This is important for scalability and a lot of the OpenID Connect and JOSE specs dont' have this stuff. You have to do key management and you can't do it on the fly with the Web.
[Tue 11:53:27] *	blame PKI is technically well established, however It has a lot of ease-of use issues outside of security professionals
[Tue 11:54:01] <dlongley>	Matt: If I'm a consumer, if I get a credential in, would I see a list of signed by "company A, person B, endorser C" and they might be any. And it's up to me to decide if I trust those parties?
[Tue 11:54:06] <blame>	+q What are we doing to allow ease of use for consumers interacting with the PKI?
[Tue 11:54:54] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, in general. A credential consumer that receives the credential can decide who they want to trust. They can push the responsibility off to another organization if they want to or do it themselves. As a person receiving a credential, all of this is kind of hidden from you. It's all machine to machine communication that leverages all of this.
[Tue 11:55:31] <dlongley>	Matt: Let's say I'm a chief medical officer at a hospital and I want to see that they are board certified. They send me a certificate. It's signed by X, Y, and their medical school.
[Tue 11:55:36] <blame>	+q How are we connecting Public-keys to identities on the issuer's end??
[Tue 11:55:48] <voip-cr>	Gregg Kellogg [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000013] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:55:55] <dlongley>	manu: Yes. That's the idea. In the current technology multiple signatures aren't implemented yet.
[Tue 11:56:12] *	blame ie how do they securly communicate public keys to establish trust?
[Tue 11:56:15] <manu>	dlongley: Is the question about multiple signatures, or is it about who signed the credentials?
[Tue 11:56:40] *	manu blame via a signed document in the DHT :)
[Tue 11:57:11] <manu>	dlongley: The technology would do the verification of the signatures, and tell you whether or not the signatures are valid and were signed. You can figure out as a user, who did the signatures and who signed it.
[Tue 11:57:12] *	blame so activly managed (by people) web of trust?
[Tue 11:57:33] *	manu blame very deep question - can get into details later - but not /actively/ managed.
[Tue 11:57:43] *	manu blame managed by software, but person is in control of it.
[Tue 11:58:00] <manu>	dlongley: You have a private part of the key, and a public key and can push that out to the Web.
[Tue 11:58:08] <blame>	This means a lot of companies/Industries who previously did not employ security professionals in this context will need to (or oursource)?
[Tue 11:58:09] <manu>	dlongley: This has a lot to do with it being a web-based system.
[Tue 11:59:48] <erkorb_rm>	eric: suggestion that we add - "multilingual" or does JSON-LD do that natively?
[Tue 11:59:56] <dlongley>	manu: In the system that is being proposed here is more flexible than the existing system and it allows you to do adhoc verification.
[Tue 12:00:14] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, JSON-LD does multilingual capability. The data model is multilingual.
[Tue 12:00:32] <dlongley>	manu: You can express the name of a credential in every language that has a BCP47 code in the credential itself.
[Tue 12:00:33] <erkorb_rm>	+1 lets add multilingaul in doc?
[Tue 12:00:37] <blame>	+1 multilingual (can we handle non-unicode character encodings?)
[Tue 12:00:49] <dlongley>	manu: The credential can be viewed by someone in Japan or France in their native language; same credential.
[Tue 12:00:57] <NateOtto>	That's a great capability.
[Tue 12:01:10] <stone>	is multilingual an attribute of RDF of JSON-LD or both?
[Tue 12:01:22] <stone>	+1 on multilingual
[Tue 12:02:11] <dlongley>	manu: "Choice of Storage" -- has to do with letting you store your credential wherever you deep fit. At Google, Facebook, a home server running at your house, in your watch, the recipient controls it and no org can stop them from moving them around. It has a strong analogy with phone number portability.
[Tue 12:02:46] <NateOtto>	Thanks, Manu
[Tue 12:02:46] <dlongley>	stone: "both" ... specifically, multilingual is an attribute of the RDF data model and JSON-LD uses the RDF data model.
[Tue 12:02:55] <erkorb_rm>	eric: +1 Manu overview
[Tue 12:03:32] <erkorb_rm>	eric: just need link to use case docs
[Tue 12:03:33] <NateOtto>	See you all next week.
[Tue 12:03:33] <manu>	Present+ rob, taaz
