[Tue 11:04:41] <manu>	scribe: bsletten
[Tue 11:05:10] <bsletten>	manu: This is an official VCTF call. It is being recorded and minuted.
[Tue 11:05:15] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Jan/0050.html
[Tue 11:05:22] *	Richard_Varn (~Richard_Varn@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:05:46] <voip-vctf>	bblfish [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000664] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:09] *	jimg (~4b839cc9@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:06:13] <voip-vctf>	bblfish [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000664] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:06:22] <bsletten>	manu: We'll talk about the individual interviews from the experts we are speaking to. We are hearing about their experiences so we can avoid some of the problems they have encountered. We need to discuss how to respond to their feedback and we need to discuss the draft charter we have.
[Tue 11:06:41] <manu>	Topic: Interview Narratives So Far
[Tue 11:06:57] <manu>	Brad Hill's input - http://w3c.github.io/vctf/meetings/2016-01-08/
[Tue 11:06:59] <bsletten>	Manu: We have had input from Brad Hill.
[Tue 11:07:25] <bsletten>	Manu: These people are providing input in their personal capacity. Brad works for Facebook, but he's not speaking for them.
[Tue 11:07:31] <manu>	Jeff Hodges' input: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Jan/0048.html
[Tue 11:07:39] <bsletten>	Manu: Same thing with Jeff Hodges who is with PayPal, but his input is his own.
[Tue 11:07:51] <voip-vctf>	bblfish [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000666] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:56] <bsletten>	Manu: Jeff has been involved in a variety of identity standards.
[Tue 11:08:07] <voip-vctf>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.110-00000668] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:08:15] <manu>	Harry Halpin's input: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Jan/0049.html
[Tue 11:08:19] <bsletten>	Manu: Harry Halpin is providing input based on his personal experiences, not official W3C input.
[Tue 11:08:29] <manu>	David Singer's input: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Jan/0051.html
[Tue 11:08:38] <bsletten>	Manu: The latest one is from David Singer.
[Tue 11:08:46] <voip-vctf>	16106179300 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000669] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:08:54] *	bblfish (~bblfish@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:09:17] <bsletten>	Manu: We have a number of other interviews to have.
[Tue 11:09:33] <bsletten>	Manu: The input we have gotten back is starting to form a narrative. David Singer's summary is the best one so far.
[Tue 11:10:08] <bsletten>	Manu: One of the things that is frustrating is that we are getting feedback from people involved in the space who are too busy to look into what we are working on but are providing high level thoughts.
[Tue 11:10:10] *	ShaneM completely understands not having enough time
[Tue 11:10:29] <bsletten>	Manu: As an example, "We've been down this path before, why are we doing it again?"
[Tue 11:11:10] <manu>	We outline clearly what the differences are here: http://w3c.github.io/vctf/#design-approaches
[Tue 11:11:12] <bsletten>	Manu: The VCTF page makes it clear what is different about this approach (e.g. User-Centric vs Service-Centric approaches). We outline clearly what the differences are.
[Tue 11:12:03] <bsletten>	Manu: Some of the people who are providing input didn't understand this distinction. David Singer also stressed that we shouldn't just focus on payments (also include education, health care, etc.)
[Tue 11:12:30] *	Richard_Varn has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:13:05] <bsletten>	Manu: We've been encouraged to study what has been done before even though we have already done this research. The feedback is coming from folks who are too busy to realize what we have already done on this front or why.
[Tue 11:13:37] <ShaneM>	q+ to stress how we can expose our analysis to reviewers - we need talking points
[Tue 11:13:37] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: ShaneM
[Tue 11:13:51] <manu>	q+ to note first narrative - this has been done before.
[Tue 11:13:51] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: ShaneM, manu
[Tue 11:14:09] <bsletten>	Longley: We need to still do the write up of why the existing technologies don't solve all of the problems.
[Tue 11:14:23] <manu>	ack ShaneM 
[Tue 11:14:23] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor (to stress how we can expose our analysis to reviewers - we need talking points).
[Tue 11:14:25] <bsletten>	Shane: We need more talking points to expose all of the good data you've collected over the last year.
[Tue 11:14:27] <manu>	ack manu 
[Tue 11:14:27] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note first narrative - this has been done before.).
[Tue 11:15:11] <bsletten>	Manu: People are saying that the technology already exists and we should just use it (OAuth, Open ID Connect, JOSE/JWT). While we have done the analysis and found them lacking, we haven't written those up.
[Tue 11:15:13] <bblfish>	q+
[Tue 11:15:13] <voip-vctf>	bblfish has been added to the queue: bblfish
[Tue 11:15:30] <manu>	ack bblfish 
[Tue 11:15:31] <voip-vctf>	bblfish has the floor.
[Tue 11:15:31] <bsletten>	Manu: One of the output of the VCTF must be a gap analysis of why these technologies are insufficient.
[Tue 11:16:46] <manu>	q+ to note how we could point out the differences.
[Tue 11:16:46] *	dlongley very good point.
[Tue 11:16:46] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:16:50] <bsletten>	bblfish: There is a huge war in this space. Asking you to differentiate yourself from existing technologies puts you in opposition (and makes you enemies) of the existing technology communities. How can we point out the differences without making enemies.
[Tue 11:17:36] *	Colleen (~Colleen@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:17:38] <voip-vctf>	12125583175 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000066a] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:18:18] *	Erik (~Erik@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:18:24] <bsletten>	Manu: That is an excellent point. We need to be careful about that. We know what doesn't work. Coming up with a list of why they are deficient goes nowhere.  You end up arguing on generalities. We have some very specifics Use Cases and things we'd like to express and sign. We can talk about those specific Use Cases and what the end result is if we pull in existing technology and show how they don't meet the needs.
[Tue 11:18:37] *	Erik Sorry Manu. I am on another conference call.
[Tue 11:18:40] *	jasonweaver has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:18:52] <bsletten>	Manu: Therefore we narrow it down to the problem we are trying to solve vs an "Our community vs other community". We end up talking about actual requirements.
[Tue 11:18:53] <voip-vctf>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000660] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:19:06] <bsletten>	Manu: If we frame things like that, we should have a better outcome.
[Tue 11:19:36] *	manu still has audio.
[Tue 11:20:15] <voip-vctf>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000066b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:20:34] <erok210>	still no audio
[Tue 11:20:42] <voip-vctf>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000066b] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:20:55] <voip-vctf>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000066c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:21:22] <voip-vctf>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000066c] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:21:57] <bsletten>	Greg: I'm intimidated by the push back from all of the experts, but we have the governance of this group to help us manage the problem requirements and work on a reference implementation.
[Tue 11:22:10] <voip-vctf>	19087694252 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000066d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:22:43] <bsletten>	Manu: This is one of the strengths of the W3C process. You have always have experts arguing over the right way to do things but the process usually produces good results in the end.
[Tue 11:22:46] <voip-vctf>	Associated EricKorb with SIP/69.71.222.196-0000066d.
[Tue 11:23:20] <bsletten>	Manu: The question is whether the people in this group are patient enough to work through the process or act somewhere else.
[Tue 11:23:44] <bsletten>	Greg: We have a development team and a set of use cases that we think could work under this group.
[Tue 11:23:47] *	ShaneM is muted
[Tue 11:24:38] <bsletten>	Manu: The cases where we see the most progress is when we have a solid use case and can compare different technologies for that specific problem.
[Tue 11:25:12] <bsletten>	Greg: I am most interested in the endorsement of a governance process rather than technical purity.
[Tue 11:26:27] <bblfish>	q+ has this group actuallyh specified any technology?
[Tue 11:26:27] <voip-vctf>	bblfish has been added to the queue: manu, bblfish
[Tue 11:26:27] <bsletten>	Manu: That's the goal of the W3C's process. We need to do a technical gap analysis to compare the suitability of existing technologies for our user's needs and not reinvent the wheel.
[Tue 11:26:45] <manu>	ack bblfish 
[Tue 11:26:45] <voip-vctf>	bblfish has the floor (has this group actuallyh specified any technology?).
[Tue 11:26:48] <ShaneM>	q?
[Tue 11:26:48] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:26:53] <bsletten>	Manu: One of the outputs of this group will be a report of all of these things as an input to the working group.
[Tue 11:27:47] <bsletten>	bblfish: This new group is mostly about producing Use Cases. You can't actually say "This is better than this." Are these Use Cases new so that they can't be solved by existing technologies.
[Tue 11:28:34] <bsletten>	Manu: Some of the feedback is from people jumping ahead to the technologies rather focusing on the Use Cases we've produced. The feedback overall isn't as good as it could have been if they'd had the time to engage more deeply to produce more specific feedback on the problem statement.
[Tue 11:28:48] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:28:48] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: manu, dlongley
[Tue 11:29:16] <bsletten>	Manu: We might need to put a Charter in front of them. When you are working on a charter document, people in the W3C process usually get engaged in the content of the text.
[Tue 11:29:19] *	Diana_Adachi (~Diana_Adachi@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:29:31] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:29:31] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note how we could point out the differences.).
[Tue 11:29:34] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Tue 11:29:34] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:29:44] *	jasonweaver (~jasonweaver@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:29:50] <bsletten>	Manu: This group needs to produce documents to stop going around and around on these points.
[Tue 11:30:11] <voip-vctf>	14082427368 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000066e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:31:11] <bsletten>	Longley: We got better input from Brad through the interview process rather than the summary emails. We expect the new interviews to produce better results. The ones who we only got email feedback from didn't have time and are unlikely to have time to review any new documents.
[Tue 11:31:24] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:31:24] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:31:35] <voip-vctf>	Jim Goodell [SIP/75.131.156.201-0000066f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:31:44] <bsletten>	Manu: We've gotten feedback from members of this group who are experts in their own field in this space who don't understand why these experts get to come in and control the narrative.
[Tue 11:31:56] <bsletten>	Manu: We are trying to find people who disagree with our analysis.
[Tue 11:32:16] <bsletten>	Manu: This doesn't mean we aren't going to do the work, we just need to address that communication gap in some way.
[Tue 11:32:19] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Tue 11:32:19] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:32:52] <ShaneM>	+1 to dlongley
[Tue 11:33:06] <bsletten>	Longley: Some of the experts in our group can also provide feedback through email and interviews. It might be good to have that input on equal footing as well.
[Tue 11:34:13] *	ShaneM wonders if Mark Sadecki could be an outsider that could be interviewed as a way to get another voice + business case
[Tue 11:34:43] <bblfish>	+1 makes sense
[Tue 11:34:59] <bsletten>	Manu: Some of the experts don't see other people asking for these approaches, use cases, etc. Richard Varn and John T. could jump in and provide that kind of feedback from the education industry.
[Tue 11:35:02] <manu>	q+ JohnTib
[Tue 11:35:02] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: JohnTib
[Tue 11:35:15] <bsletten>	Richard: Tell me who to talk to.
[Tue 11:35:18] <manu>	ack JohnTib 
[Tue 11:35:18] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib has the floor.
[Tue 11:35:48] <bsletten>	JohnTib: I've been hesitant to speak up. One of the problems I've had is that it seems like a political issue, not a technical issue.
[Tue 11:36:49] <bsletten>	JohnTib: There are already sensitivities about specific terms and technologies. Perhaps I can speak on the problems and needs.
[Tue 11:37:18] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:37:19] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:37:44] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Tue 11:37:44] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:37:53] <bsletten>	JohnTib: There is an asymmetry in the responses. We are taking an abstract approach to describing the problems but the feedback we are getting are jumping straight to specific technologies.
[Tue 11:38:13] <burn>	q+
[Tue 11:38:13] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: burn
[Tue 11:38:35] <bsletten>	Longley: I think you should go ahead and talk about the technologies when you are providing feedback. We as a group need to avoid a technical bias, but as an expert you can provide a free response.
[Tue 11:38:36] <manu>	ack burn
[Tue 11:38:36] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor.
[Tue 11:40:01] <dlongley>	+1 to Dan!
[Tue 11:40:03] <bsletten>	burn: I agree with what Longley said. Within the W3C process, the asymmetry is always going to happen. You will always get random comments from people who have no idea what you've done. But you still need to address them. Our goal is to get started, however. We should respond to the feedback that might block the specific problem might block getting started.
[Tue 11:40:09] <bsletten>	Manu: Excellent comment, burn.
[Tue 11:40:16] *	Colleen has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:40:42] <manu>	Harry Halpin said: "Another option is to scope down and aim at a particular problem domain, for example a uniform vocabulary for educational credentials. Throwing out privacy and security concerns for high value use-cases like banking is a non-starter, as should be obvious."
[Tue 11:40:49] *	Richard_Varn (~Richard_Varn@public.cloak) has joined #vctf

[Tue 11:42:22] <bsletten>	Manu: Harry doesn't know that the Lumina foundation exists that there has been a $5 million initiative to establish these standards, Open Badges, etc. There are people already defining vocabularies outside using JSON-LD and it is happening outside of W3C.
[Tue 11:42:55] <bsletten>	Manu: That's the kind of thing the education industry experts need to push back on to address the feedback.
[Tue 11:43:16] <bsletten>	Manu: W3C management are seeing these assertions but not seeing the pushback from the education industry.
[Tue 11:43:22] <bblfish>	And this should be done by replying to the mailing list I suppose?
[Tue 11:43:37] <bsletten>	Manu: Maybe we should put those comments in a final report and get specific statements from representatives in the education industry.
[Tue 11:43:53] <dlongley>	q+ should also be some push back from experts on the presumption that they have a desire to throw out privacy and security
[Tue 11:43:53] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:44:06] <erok210>	+1
[Tue 11:44:08] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Tue 11:44:08] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor (should also be some push back from experts on the presumption that they have a desire to throw out privacy and security).
[Tue 11:44:10] <JohnTib>	+1
[Tue 11:44:27] <Varn>	I will do that when the feedback is done and address the specifics related to education needs and interests in this initiative.
[Tue 11:44:37] <bblfish>	Certainly not.
[Tue 11:44:43] <bsletten>	Longley: I'd also like to point out that there a presumption that people want to throw out privacy and security. I don't think that is true and it would be good for the experts to clarify that point.
[Tue 11:44:52] <bblfish>	I mean we certainly don't want to throw privacy and security out.
[Tue 11:45:46] <manu>	ACTION: Manu to create a VCTF Final Report with input from interviewees and then request feedback from VCTF/Credential CG members.
[Tue 11:46:16] <JohnTib>	+ 1 .. i'll respond
[Tue 11:46:17] <Varn>	sounds good
[Tue 11:46:20] *	dlongley no disagreement
[Tue 11:46:30] <erok210>	+1 ack, need also input from Heatlhcare experts
[Tue 11:47:26] <bsletten>	burn: I know we're supposed to be working on use cases, it's not obvious where they are. Can we point us to where they are.
[Tue 11:47:29] <manu>	Topic: Draft Charter Proposal
[Tue 11:47:41] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/vctf/charter/proposal.html
[Tue 11:47:42] <bsletten>	Manu: Yes, that is the last agenda item after the Draft Charter Proposal.
[Tue 11:48:14] <bsletten>	Manu: I took a stab at a draft charter proposal. It's broken into two phases.
[Tue 11:49:18] <bsletten>	Manu: The goal of Phase I is to produce a data model and format for credentials and verifiable claims. The timeframe is very aggressive. But the hope is that the Working Group would start in five months (we'd vote in May-July timeframe) and the only thing it would work on is data model, data format and signature mechanism.
[Tue 11:50:20] <bsletten>	Manu: After Phase I is done, we will have a way of expressing verifiable credentials with consensus. Then Phase II is to produce workflows and protocols to create, store and share credentials.
[Tue 11:51:02] <bsletten>	Manu: Does this make sense?
[Tue 11:51:12] <bsletten>	Manu: Are there any concerns?
[Tue 11:51:33] <bsletten>	ShaneM: The timeline feels aggressive given what we know about the W3C.
[Tue 11:52:12] <bblfish>	q+
[Tue 11:52:12] <voip-vctf>	bblfish has been added to the queue: bblfish
[Tue 11:52:33] <manu>	ack bblfish 
[Tue 11:52:33] <voip-vctf>	bblfish has the floor.
[Tue 11:52:35] <gkellogg>	q+
[Tue 11:52:35] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: gkellogg
[Tue 11:52:59] <bsletten>	manu: Well, the proposal is very minimal - just data data model, format, signature mechanism.
[Tue 11:53:28] <dlongley>	perhaps say different types of APIs (browser API, http API)
[Tue 11:53:58] <ShaneM>	manu: We could be doing the gap analysis document starting now so that it is ready when the WG starts.  That will help compress the timeline.  Does that address your concerns ShaneM?
[Tue 11:54:12] <manu>	q+ to mention LDP and  Identity Credentials wrt. Henry's comment
[Tue 11:54:12] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: gkellogg, manu
[Tue 11:54:36] <bsletten>	bblfish: There are lots of different ways of doing things (e.g. LDP as a protocol for managing these technologies).
[Tue 11:55:09] <dlongley>	scope for Phase I should probably include that Phase II is a goal so it is intentionally considered in the designs for Phase I even if there's no Phase II output.
[Tue 11:55:32] <bsletten>	gkellogg: These things always take longer. We might try to account for that and suggest 24 months and just try to do it more quickly.
[Tue 11:56:18] <bsletten>	Manu: That's good feedback. This whole process was way longer than anyone expected.
[Tue 11:57:05] <jimg>	The data model, data format and signature mechanism seems doable in the timeframe, esp. given the group is not starting from scratch.
[Tue 11:57:07] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:57:07] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: gkellogg, manu, dlongley
[Tue 11:57:08] <bsletten>	Manu: Please look into the charter draft and text. It's based upon the Web Payments template which was heavily reviewed by W3C Membership and this is what came out of it. We're trying to use a template that has made it through the process.
[Tue 11:57:13] <manu>	ack gkellogg 
[Tue 11:57:13] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Tue 11:57:16] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Tue 11:57:16] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:57:31] <bblfish>	So LDP already offers an answer to read-write over HTTP, which is why this feels nearly like a couple of different WGs 1. A group to show how that fits into LDP 2) a group for developing a new DHT system. Both of them are actually compatible because RDF is based on URIs so one can link both.
[Tue 11:58:00] <manu>	ack bblfish 
[Tue 11:58:00] <voip-vctf>	bblfish isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:58:06] <bsletten>	Longley: I think the Phase I goals should consider that there is a Phase II on the horizon. Our scope might say, our output is only the format, model, etc. but they are compatible with the browser APIs we might need to work with in Phase II.
[Tue 11:58:19] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000064d] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:58:38] *	jasonweaver has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:58:52] <ShaneM>	q?
[Tue 11:58:52] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:58:54] <bsletten>	Manu: If we get Phase I done, people can move forward with various approaches (to bblfish's comments about LDP) for defining various protocols.
[Tue 11:58:56] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:58:56] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to mention LDP and  Identity Credentials wrt. Henry's comment).
[Tue 11:59:02] <manu>	Topic: Use Cases Document
[Tue 11:59:20] <bsletten>	Manu: There is a Google Doc that has the latest language in it.
[Tue 11:59:31] <ShaneM>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GySrTXAYpwa4vDPsGE3BMA42FwIAqAyLGigKuKUTGks/edit
[Tue 11:59:49] <ShaneM>	https://github.com/opencreds/website/blob/master/specs/source/use-cases/index.html
[Tue 11:59:54] <bsletten>	Manu: There is also a GitHub link.
[Tue 12:00:10] <ShaneM>	and we want it to look like this: https://www.w3.org/TR/web-payments-use-cases/
[Tue 12:00:19] <bsletten>	Manu: Move the stuff in the Google doc over to the Respec doc.
[Tue 12:00:38] <gkellogg>	Preview: http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/opencreds/website/blob/master/specs/source/use-cases/index.html
[Tue 12:01:30] <bsletten>	ShaneM: I am trying to create sections to have the various contributors can collaborate (ShaneM, gkellogg, bsletten and burn)
[Tue 12:02:38] <bblfish>	Perhaps I'd just add also that one of the use cases has to be that this can work across protocols, so that one can tie into ipfs, etc... This is one way to make it tie into the Web architecture, and allow it to be very general, which I guess most other protocols don't satisfy, but tying themselves to specific syntaxes or protocols.
[Tue 12:03:37] <ShaneM>	Use the opencreds repository so that we are not under more onerous IPR restrictions.
[Tue 12:03:48] <bsletten>	Manu: We'll do it in the OpenCred repo because the CG IPR policy will clear faster than the IG IPR policy.
[Tue 12:04:48] <ShaneM>	Let's meet on #vctf-editors on this server
[Tue 12:04:49] <voip-vctf>	John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000064f] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:04:56] <bsletten>	Manu: I will have a discussion with them about whether they want to pull it into the IG. We've already had this discussion with the WebPayments IG and the goal was to do as much in the CG before pulling it into the IG.
[Tue 12:06:42] <bsletten>	Manu: gkellogg asked about the one repo per spec. This is being done elsewhere and it working. W3C is moving over to GitHub doing one spec per repo. The issues and the specs are tightly coupled. You can hand the repo over to a WG.
[Tue 12:06:46] <gkellogg>	q+
[Tue 12:06:47] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: gkellogg
[Tue 12:07:00] <manu>	ack gkellogg 
[Tue 12:07:00] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Tue 12:07:04] <bsletten>	Manu: We do a GH repository reassign to preserve history, autonomy, etc.
[Tue 12:07:31] <bsletten>	gkellogg: How do you deal with shared definitions, automated tools to keep self-referencing is consistent.
[Tue 12:08:44] <bsletten>	Manu: ShaneM has done a fantastic addition to respec to pull in documents (glossaries in separate repositories). We're doing that in the WebPayments. You modify the glossary and all the other specs reflect the changes.
[Tue 12:08:49] <ShaneM>	q+ to ask about the separate repo for common terms
[Tue 12:08:49] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: ShaneM
[Tue 12:09:34] <bsletten>	gkellogg: When we did the CSV stuff we'd make a decision that affected multiple specs where we could branch and make sure all affected documents are managed together. I am happy to adapt to what the group wants to do.
[Tue 12:10:30] <bsletten>	burn: I can adapt too. It depends on the groups and specs. We've found it less common to do the same edits to multiple specs rather than being concerned about making updates that affect other specs.
[Tue 12:10:52] <manu>	ack ShaneM 
[Tue 12:10:52] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor (to ask about the separate repo for common terms).
[Tue 12:11:00] *	dlongley notes ~10 mins over time
[Tue 12:11:19] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000670] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:11:54] <bsletten>	ShaneM: I'm not familiar with what you said I've done. How do we bring in common terms from a different repository?
[Tue 12:12:01] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/latest/glossary/
[Tue 12:12:22] <manu>	http://wicg.github.io/web-payments-browser-api/
[Tue 12:12:33] <bsletten>	Manu: Latest glossary from the Web Payments IG. We pull that into the Web Payments browser API document.
[Tue 12:12:47] <bsletten>	Manu: The entire terminology section is pulled into that document at runtime.
[Tue 12:13:01] <bsletten>	Manu: You added that functionality, so thanks.
[Tue 12:13:46] <bsletten>	ShaneM: The extension I did was not intended for this. I'm shocked.
[Tue 12:13:47] <ShaneM>	Neat!
[Tue 12:14:30] *	Diana_Adachi has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:14:33] <bsletten>	Manu: Are the editors good with the approach? Shane is going to create sections and the editors can collaborate without stepping on each other.
[Tue 12:14:36] <bsletten>	bsletten: I'm good with it.
[Tue 12:14:36] <bsletten>	Present+ collier, sutton, lehn, trainer, delorenzo
