[Tue 11:05:47] <manu>	scribe: NateOtto
[Tue 11:05:52] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Nov/0001.html
[Tue 11:06:15] <NateOtto>	manu: On the agenda today, an overview of what happened at the Techncal Plenary last week. It went great.
[Tue 11:06:31] <NateOtto>	manu: We have released a decentralized hash table for the web spec -- start the conversation on that technology
[Tue 11:06:38] <NateOtto>	manu: Also, reorganize the group around new tasks
[Tue 11:06:43] <voip-cr>	Sunny Lee [SIP/45.48.18.78-00000241] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:51] <NateOtto>	manu: And, new folks today: Greg and Alex - Introductions to them at the beginning of the call
[Tue 11:06:58] <NateOtto>	manu: Any updates to the agenda or other items to add? ....
[Tue 11:06:59] *	stonemat_ (~ustonma@159.182.1.4) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:07:07] <NateOtto>	No updates
[Tue 11:07:19] <manu>	Topic: Introductions to New Participants
[Tue 11:08:39] <NateOtto>	gregkidd: I have a background in the payments world - Worked for the Federal reserve board of governors that runs the check clearing ACH system. Interested in identity. Interested in seeing standards promulgated so that folks only need to create an identity once and use it for distributed login to many systems.
[Tue 11:08:46] <NateOtto>	manu: Welcome to the group
[Tue 11:10:02] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:10:02] <voip-cr>	Conference participants are: GregKidd [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000022e], 14159449721 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000232], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000233], Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.110-00000235], Annie [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000234], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000237], AlexJackl [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000236], Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000238], Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000239], Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000023a], Eric Korb
[Tue 11:10:02] <voip-cr>	[SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000023b], RichardVarn [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000023d], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-0000023f], stonematt [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000240], Sunny Lee [SIP/45.48.18.78-00000241].
[Tue 11:10:11] *	stonematt has quit (Ping timeout: 268 seconds)
[Tue 11:10:11] <NateOtto>	AlexJackl: I'm the CEO of Bardic Systems. We're a Technology/Managemnt consultancy in education. Co chair of experiential learning task force, and chair of the technical board of the schools and interoperability standards. Interests in making sure the work we're doing locally in credentialing is synchronized with global work. (scribe note: Alex, could you type the names of the orgs you mentioned, because I'm sure I wrote them down wrong)
[Tue 11:10:15] *	paroneayea dialing in
[Tue 11:10:56] <NateOtto>	manu: For new folks, one of the things we've been working on in this group over the last year is trying to start official working group at the W3C. We've been working on specs, technology, use cases, vision, all that stuff for the last year.
[Tue 11:11:10] <AlexJackl>	Bardic Systems, Inc. (bardicsystems.com) is my company name... :-)
[Tue 11:11:41] <voip-cr>	16088411022 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000242] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:11:41] <AlexJackl>	PESC  http://www.pesc.org/interior.php?page_id=246
[Tue 11:11:41] <NateOtto>	manu: We had a little trouble with W3C management getting on board with the initiative, so in order to convince them, we went out to do a bunch of research about companies requirements. We presented this information at TPAC in Sapporo Japan last week.
[Tue 11:12:00] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-00000243] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:12:42] <NateOtto>	manu: Specifically, we were presenting to two main groups. 1) the Web Payments Interest Group -- Payments depends on identity and credentialing pretty heavily. They're not taking on this topic in phase 1 of their work but may do so in phase 2. 2) The general W3C membership who are not in the Web Payments IG. Includes many browser manufacturers and many other companies participating in the W3C.
[Tue 11:12:43] <AlexJackl>	Schools Interoperability Framework - specification run by Access For Learning Consortium (formerly SIFA)  a4l.org
[Tue 11:13:10] <NateOtto>	manu: Rather than go through a blow-by-blow (we don't have enough time to talk about all the hallway conversation about identity and credentialing), I'll try to summarize the outcomes
[Tue 11:13:39] <NateOtto>	manu: The Web Payments IG has decided that there should probably be a Credentialiing Task Force. The purpose of this taskforce is to create a charter for an official Credentials WG at the W3C.
[Tue 11:14:23] <NateOtto>	manu: This was more than we were asking for, so that's good. The Web Payments IG feels we should incubate the WG within the Web Payments IG with input from healthcare interests, and other WPIG consituents, then put the charter developed up for a vote
[Tue 11:15:15] <NateOtto>	manu: Also, because of the data we gathered, the W3C management is on board, provided we can make the more reluctant members happy. Now they are certainly convinced that the W3C should do something about it, and are deferring to the Web Payments IG to decide how to go forward to do the work
[Tue 11:15:56] <NateOtto>	manu: There were some concerns about how what we're doing fit with OpenID Connect, OAuth, JOSE. Those interests raised some questions that they feel MUST be answered before they would vote in favor of creating a Credentials WG
[Tue 11:16:17] <NateOtto>	manu: Web Payments Interest Group appointed Manu to run the proposed task force
[Tue 11:16:42] <NateOtto>	manu: The Technical Plenary day, we hosted an unconference session to invite any member who was not in the Web Payments work to also participate
[Tue 11:16:57] <NateOtto>	manu: Let me share an image. I want you to see who was in the room
[Tue 11:17:23] *	manu https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1qnjblvbeDwS3hZOEY5WWhQdHM/view?usp=sharing
[Tue 11:17:42] <NateOtto>	A crowded room! (The Web Payments Interest Group)
[Tue 11:18:19] <NateOtto>	manu: To get support from a group this size is a big deal. We only need 20 positive votes, and there were ~65 people in the room. These people are already convinced they want to do something around credentialing.
[Tue 11:18:44] <NateOtto>	manu: On Wed, the Technical Plenary day, we picked a small room, because we hadn't done a lot of convassing group. Could fit 14, but 35 showed up.
[Tue 11:19:18] <NateOtto>	manu: The chairs of the JOSE WG, OAuth WG, IETF Domain Leads for Security/Identity&Privacy, a number of very large browser manufacturers (which was interesting to see them interested so early in the cycle)
[Tue 11:19:41] <NateOtto>	manu: There was a very healthy reception to the work. We showed the same presentation to show the data that shows this work is important
[Tue 11:20:13] <NateOtto>	manu: There were many who were frustrated that it's taking this long to solve these problems. Reason: Everyone is being a bit cautious this time around, because of so many previous failed opportunities.
[Tue 11:20:20] <NateOtto>	manu: Really positive outcomes.
[Tue 11:21:28] <NateOtto>	manu: I did have a fairly in depth discussion with sir Tim Berners-Lee, who was very interested in the ID/Credentialing work as well as Linked Data Signatures. He has extended an invitation for us to chat with some of the groups he works with. Vint Cerf was also there. All were very supportive, mainly around security and the Web & Linked Data, but were also supportive of credentialing -- && see it as vital for the next generation of the Internet
[Tue 11:22:19] <NateOtto>	manu: The other outcome of hallway discussion at TPAC: There is a push to fast-track community group work at the W3C. They're looking for CGs to take their work and fast-track it through the W3C process. The Credentials CG is one group that was identified as having a fast-trackable spec.
[Tue 11:22:27] <voip-cr>	12125583175 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000244] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:22:56] <NateOtto>	manu: Criteria for fast trackable specs: multiple implementations, tests, .... ID Credentials doesn't yet meet the bar, but RDF signatures is a candidate
[Tue 11:23:03] <NateOtto>	manu: This was a firehose of information
[Tue 11:23:11] <NateOtto>	manu: Questions / concerns from the group?
[Tue 11:23:35] <NateOtto>	manu: There is an insane amount of work that the last week generated.
[Tue 11:23:43] <NateOtto>	manu: We'll go through the to-do list for this group next up.
[Tue 11:24:10] <NateOtto>	AlexJackl: Did you document the usage/needs research?
[Tue 11:24:21] <NateOtto>	manu: We polled 58 organizations and got 44 responses.
[Tue 11:24:41] <NateOtto>	manu: We asked each organization: What is your top use case, and what features do you want to see out of the Credentials work?
[Tue 11:24:42] <manu>	Alex, here's the survey response data: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Oct/0016.html
[Tue 11:25:31] <manu>	Nate: What do you feel about the timeline? How do tasks line up with the calendar?
[Tue 11:26:28] <NateOtto>	manu: There is clearly a desire.. Before TPAC, there was pushback against moving quickly. Now there is a sense of urgency to move quickly. Everyone is now pushing us to get done more quickly than we have the people to do. We have far more work in front of us than people to do the work.
[Tue 11:26:46] <NateOtto>	manu: Getting this WG spun up is pretty much on us at this point. The faster we can get through the background work, the faster it can start.
[Tue 11:28:26] <NateOtto>	manu: We need to get the Web Payments IG to finally invite non IG participants into their group. One piece of pushback from meeting: a couple members said we know credentialiing is important outside of payments but we're here to work on payments so we shouldn't include education and healthcare angle. That got pushback, because folks felt technology should be generic enough -- counter-argument to that is that without input from healthcare & ed throughout entire process we might not make something useful to those sectors. Also the sectors putting the most money into this right now are healthcare and education with financial sector lagging behind. We need to clarify to that group so that this group's members can participate.
[Tue 11:28:41] <NateOtto>	manu: We will likely shift these Tuesday calls to become the "Credentials Task Force calls"
[Tue 11:29:03] <NateOtto>	manu: The Task Force will focus on the things we've already been focusing on in this group. It would now just be an official W3C activity.
[Tue 11:29:38] <NateOtto>	manu: Near term, we need to get the task force stood up. Then, get the draft charter work through. Then, write a whole slew of supporting material: how we're different from prior techs, go through all those arguments, answer all those questions.
[Tue 11:30:18] <NateOtto>	manu: There were some very informed people who have worked on this stuff over the last 15 years who were reluctant to sign off on this. Brad Hill from Facebook (ex-Paypal, deeply involved) felt we needed this documentation to be convincing to the security community.
[Tue 11:30:28] <NateOtto>	manu: Bloomberg, PayPal concurs
[Tue 11:30:42] <NateOtto>	manu: todo: document all the criticisms and written answers to those criticisms.
[Tue 11:31:03] <paroneayea>	oh, I can probably make that!
[Tue 11:31:07] <NateOtto>	manu: Face to face in SF next Feb or Mar. It would be smart for us to convince them to have a credentialing Face to Face at beginning or end of that meeting.
[Tue 11:31:25] <NateOtto>	manu: Hopefully that meeting will be the final sign-off on the charter before sending it for the official vote.
[Tue 11:31:40] <NateOtto>	manu: If we stick to that timeline, we will have an operational WG by march/early april 2016.
[Tue 11:32:15] <NateOtto>	manu: The more work we get done on the technical specs between now and then, the faster we can get started.
[Tue 11:32:23] <manu>	NateOtto: Yes, have to do a lot of planning for BA over next several months - need to make sure this lines up well with that.
[Tue 11:32:42] <NateOtto>	manu: Any other thoughts/ concerns about what happened last week
[Tue 11:32:53] <NateOtto>	dlongley: Just a general thought: "Great work Manu"
[Tue 11:33:07] <stonemat_>	+1 to manu as leader.
[Tue 11:33:35] <NateOtto>	manu: All the prep work we did over the last year really paid off at TPAC. I don't want to make it sound like it was all roses and unicorns and it was great, but all the criticisms that were raised we had answers to. I think that helped convince everyone that we were ready to go to the next stage.
[Tue 11:33:45] <NateOtto>	manu: Thanks to everyone, that work helped us make this breakthrough at W3C.
[Tue 11:34:04] <NateOtto>	manu: Now let's review all this work that's in front of us.
[Tue 11:34:29] <NateOtto>	AlexJackl: Could you talk more about the pushback and what obstacles might show up along the way?
[Tue 11:34:46] <NateOtto>	manu: there are two basic levels that the pushback occurred on. At the technical level; At the Political level
[Tue 11:35:27] <NateOtto>	manu: The technical pushback has to do with questions around why we're not reusing some of the technology that exists out there. For example JOSE, which tells you how you digitally sign JSON data.
[Tue 11:36:44] <NateOtto>	manu: We use a different approach called Linked Data Signatures. The JOSE group is asking us to defend why JOSE doesn't work for what we're trying to do. I met with Richard Barnes (sp) who's co-chair of JOSE group. His perspective: This stuff isn't rocket science. You just have to make sure the primitives you use are well tested. He'd be happier if we use the JOSE stack (& threw out some ideas for how that might work). The chairs of this work are very level headed.
[Tue 11:37:53] <NateOtto>	manu: the other side of that coin is -- we sat down for a 1-on-1 with Tim Berners Lee & his group at MIT AI Lab, lots of future-looking web research. Tim felt the LD sigs work and dataset normalization needs to be done as soon as possible. He's been trying to get it done for close to a decade. dlongley has been involved.
[Tue 11:38:02] <gkellogg>	q+ to ask about ld-patch
[Tue 11:38:02] <voip-cr>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: gkellogg
[Tue 11:38:07] <NateOtto>	manu: Tim had tried to address these problems a number of years ago, along with many other researchers.
[Tue 11:39:25] <NateOtto>	manu: When it comes to the political stuff -- you can tell who the orgs concerned about this work by noticing their lack of presence in the room. e.g. in the Web Payments work, VISA and MasterCard aren't there. There's a perception that there isn't anything but downsides for them in the Web Payments work (but not true!). Big social networks like G+, FB aren't involved in identity work because it may disintermediate their place as providers
[Tue 11:39:49] <NateOtto>	manu: the people who raise those points often try to raise this in process or technical issues ("we should be using IETF specs" ... )
[Tue 11:40:00] <rtrainer>	manu: can you talk about the browser manufactures being in the sessions
[Tue 11:40:08] <manu>	ack gkellogg 
[Tue 11:40:08] <voip-cr>	gkellogg has the floor (to ask about ld-patch).
[Tue 11:40:09] <NateOtto>	manu: The pushback was in the minority, but some of those players work for very large organizations, and we can't not respond to this.
[Tue 11:40:35] <NateOtto>	gkellogg: There was something you said about JSON-LD Patch along with LD signatures work? That's part of the LD platform, but curious why this was put together.
[Tue 11:42:03] <NateOtto>	manu: I had a hallway chat related -- there are a number of specs associated with Linked Data that are languishing. Some of these specs are failrly complete and ready to go. RDF Normalization is an example of this. I have no familiarity with LD Patch, but it was suggested that it is in this same ballpark. The chances that another WG would be created around LD Patch are very low -- there isn't enough desire to overcome the heavy weight of the process. Some folks recommended putting specs that are ready to go to Recommendation status into this working group as well.
[Tue 11:42:20] <NateOtto>	gkellogg: If we're doing that, JSON-LD Framing really needs to be considered.
[Tue 11:42:42] <NateOtto>	manu: Concern: if we put in too many specs, this lightweight process becomes a heaviweight process, and we might lose the ability to fast-track other specs.
[Tue 11:43:19] <NateOtto>	manu: The process with these proposed fast track groups: The first publication you do as an official WG is skip right to the candidate Rec stage. WG lifespan is supposed to be a year, because we're supposed to have the implementations.
[Tue 11:43:45] <NateOtto>	manu: The question is then, is LD Framing there? Is LD Patch there? Some people wanted to put LD Signatures there, but I have reservations.
[Tue 11:44:02] <NateOtto>	manu: If it looks like we're headed toward success after 6months, then there will be an opportunity to fast track other things as well.
[Tue 11:44:12] <NateOtto>	manu: That's generally the thought process threre.
[Tue 11:44:22] <NateOtto>	manu: There is a desire to fast track something, to test out the process.
[Tue 11:45:06] <NateOtto>	manu: We folks who have been working in this space for a while, we tend to test out new processes. We're being asked to be the guinea pig in this new fast track process.
[Tue 11:45:17] <NateOtto>	gkellogg: I'd be willing to participate
[Tue 11:45:29] <NateOtto>	manu: Heads up... you might be called on to chair some groups
[Tue 11:45:45] <NateOtto>	manu: That's where we are with the fast track work
[Tue 11:45:46] <NateOtto>	q?
[Tue 11:45:46] <voip-cr>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:45:51] <manu>	Topic: Work Generated as a Result of W3C TPAC
[Tue 11:45:58] <manu>	https://github.com/opencreds/website/issues/14
[Tue 11:46:02] <NateOtto>	manu: Really quickly in 15min, let's go over the work we have to do
[Tue 11:46:24] <NateOtto>	manu: Create proposal for Credentials Task Force in Web Payments IG: need to do this this week.
[Tue 11:46:45] <NateOtto>	manu: Standards Implementation Foundation is moving forward: a place to put money to pay people to write specs
[Tue 11:47:18] <NateOtto>	manu: In order to speed up process, we need to funnel some money toward people doing this work. We have been asked to put in place a board of directors, as well as create an advisory committee
[Tue 11:47:40] <NateOtto>	manu: Board will be people who are not receiving money from SIF and have demonstrated propensity to support the open source implementation
[Tue 11:47:50] <NateOtto>	manu: Advisory Committee for Standards Implementation Foundation also
[Tue 11:48:08] <NateOtto>	manu: We need to get the SIF spun up sooner rather than later, because there is a lot of pressure to get things done over the next few years
[Tue 11:48:23] <NateOtto>	manu: start conversation on Creating proposal for Fast Track Linked Data Platform WG (LD-Patch and RDF Dataset Normalization) right away
[Tue 11:48:54] <NateOtto>	manu: Linked Data Key management spec needs to be created, lots of specification work on this list
[Tue 11:49:16] <NateOtto>	manu: We need to make sure that Dataset Normalization spec does what the existing implementations do
[Tue 11:49:39] <NateOtto>	manu: We need this to-do list pretty much done by the beginning of January. This is an incredibly aggressive timeline. If this work is slowed down, it will be our fault, not anybody else's.
[Tue 11:49:49] <NateOtto>	manu: Any questions on the to-do list?
[Tue 11:50:01] <NateOtto>	manu: Please suggest additions to the to-do list if something isn't on our radar
[Tue 11:50:11] <NateOtto>	Nate: That's a dangerous suggestion, manu!
[Tue 11:50:30] <NateOtto>	AlexJackl: manu, are you the project manager for making sure these tasks get done?
[Tue 11:51:26] <NateOtto>	manu: This group does not have a chair yet. I'm just organizing temporarily until chairs are selected. stonemat_ and Richard Varn have volunteered. I'd be happy to step away when possible, but until then, I'm the point of contact.
[Tue 11:50:10] <manu>	Topic: WebDHT Spec Released
[Tue 11:51:53] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/webdht/
[Tue 11:51:57] <NateOtto>	manu: One of the nice things about being trapped on an airplane for 11+ hours is you can do some spec-writing.
[Tue 11:52:06] <NateOtto>	manu: I wrote down our current thinking for the Web DHT spec
[Tue 11:52:13] <bsletten>	False. There is nothing nice about 11+ hour plane rides.
[Tue 11:53:11] <NateOtto>	manu: the credentialing work requires that you assign credentials to a decentralized identifier, basically an identifier that people own. Domain names are not good enough (email addresses too) if you don't pay your yearly fees, etc. If you end up on the wrong side of a trademark dispute, or government watch list, your domains can be taken away.
[Tue 11:53:27] <NateOtto>	manu: if we're going to tie identifiers to someone, we need to make sure they have control of their identifiers.
[Tue 11:54:04] <NateOtto>	manu: other methods exist: NameCoin, IPFS; there are all kinds of ways of doing this. The WebDHT method is a proposal built on web technologies & has a better chance of getting through the W3C process than others.
[Tue 11:54:20] <NateOtto>	manu: Some proposals in this group, like authorization.io are built on WebDHT
[Tue 11:55:04] <NateOtto>	manu: That document is out there now - The Web Payments IG is having a healthy discussion about this right now. Encourage all to read it to understand some of the assumptions that WebDHT is built on. It is completely uncertain when this may be taken to standards track
[Tue 11:55:10] <NateOtto>	manu: So: that's WebDHT. Any questions?
[Tue 11:55:30] <manu>	Topic: Reorganizing this group around new Task Force
[Tue 11:55:41] <NateOtto>	manu: We've been operating for quite some time as a Community Group
[Tue 11:56:14] <NateOtto>	manu: This type of group has no official standing at W3C. It's where most pre-standardization group at W3C is done. We have been fairly successful, and now people want to move this to the next stage.
[Tue 11:56:33] <NateOtto>	manu: Question: should we add a new parallel call for the Task Force, or replace this call with the Task Force.
[Tue 11:56:46] <NateOtto>	manu: The idea is that everyone who is currently participating will be able to continue to participate.
[Tue 11:56:54] <NateOtto>	manu: what are the feeling of the folks on the call?
[Tue 11:57:07] <dlongley>	+1 replacement if CG members can join.
[Tue 11:57:10] <paroneayea>	+1 to replacing
[Tue 11:57:16] <NateOtto>	Stone: Say for a minute if we added a second call, how would agendas differ?
[Tue 11:57:21] <NateOtto>	+1 to replacing the call
[Tue 11:57:30] <gkellogg>	+1 for replacing call
[Tue 11:57:33] <bsletten>	+1
[Tue 11:57:39] <AlexJackl>	+1 for replacing
[Tue 11:57:48] <StuartSutton>	+1
[Tue 11:58:25] <NateOtto>	manu: The big IF is with w3c membership. Typically non-W3C members are not allowed to participate in IG meetings. Manu will try to convince Web Payments IG chairs to invite non-members in. There is a concern around patent/royalty commitments.
[Tue 11:59:00] <NateOtto>	manu: Other paying members can get annoyed when they see non-paying orgs participating in payment-only spaces.
[Tue 11:59:50] <NateOtto>	manu: It looks like the group agrees -- we'll propose this in the Web Payments IG and see where that goes.
[Tue 12:00:00] <NateOtto>	manu: We'll definitely want to meet again next week
[Tue 12:00:06] <NateOtto>	manu: Anything else before we go?
[Tue 12:00:07] <paroneayea>	packed call!
[Tue 12:00:16] <paroneayea>	but good coverage :)
[Tue 12:00:21] <AlexJackl>	Glad to be participating... thank you
[Tue 12:00:58] <voip-cr>	GregKidd [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000022e] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:10] <manu>	Nate: Lots of people talking about Backpack and OpenBadges - we may want to align that work with this work.
[Tue 12:01:42] <NateOtto>	manu: Congratulations to everyone on a victory well earned
[Tue 12:01:43] <voip-cr>	Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000239] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:43] *	StuartSutton (~StuartSut@c-50-185-98-120.hsd1.ca.comcast.net) has left #credentials
[Tue 12:01:45] <voip-cr>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000233] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:45] <voip-cr>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-0000023f] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:45] <voip-cr>	Sunny Lee [SIP/45.48.18.78-00000241] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:46] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-00000243] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:47] <voip-cr>	Gregg Kellogg [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000237] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:49] <voip-cr>	Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000023a] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:49] *	bsletten has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 12:01:52] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.110-00000235] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:53] *	SLee__ has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 12:01:53] <voip-cr>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000238] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:02] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:02:03] <voip-cr>	Conference participants are: 14159449721 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000232], Annie [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000234], AlexJackl [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000236], Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000023b], RichardVarn [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000023d], stonematt [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000240], 16088411022 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000242], 12125583175 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000244].
[Tue 12:02:03] <erkorb_rm>	+1 to all
[Tue 12:02:11] <manu>	voip: disconnect 244
[Tue 12:02:11] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting 12125583175 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000244].
[Tue 12:02:11] <voip-cr>	12125583175 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000244] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:13] <manu>	voip: disconnect 240
[Tue 12:02:13] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting stonematt [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000240].
[Tue 12:02:13] <voip-cr>	stonematt [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000240] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:16] <manu>	voip: disconnect 23d
[Tue 12:02:16] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting RichardVarn [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000023d].
[Tue 12:02:16] <voip-cr>	RichardVarn [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000023d] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:18] <manu>	voip: disconnect 23b
[Tue 12:02:18] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000023b].
[Tue 12:02:18] <voip-cr>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000023b] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:24] <manu>	voip: disconnect 236
[Tue 12:02:24] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting AlexJackl [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000236].
[Tue 12:02:24] <voip-cr>	AlexJackl [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000236] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:26] <manu>	voip: disconnect 234
[Tue 12:02:26] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting Annie [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000234].
[Tue 12:02:26] <voip-cr>	Annie [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000234] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:27] *	AlexJackl has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 12:02:27] <manu>	voip: disconnect 232
[Tue 12:02:27] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting 14159449721 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000232].
[Tue 12:02:27] <voip-cr>	14159449721 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000232] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:30] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:02:31] <voip-cr>	Conference participants are: 16088411022 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000242].
[Tue 12:02:35] <manu>	voip: disconnect 242
[Tue 12:02:35] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting 16088411022 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000242].
[Tue 12:02:35] <voip-cr>	16088411022 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000242] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:35] <voip-cr>	No one is in the conference.
[Tue 12:02:35] *	voip-cr has quit (Quit: Shutting down...)
[Tue 12:02:37] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:02:37] <manu>	Present+ sutton, Sunny, lehn, varn, korb, trainer
