[2019-02-19T17:00:09.694Z]	<achughes>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:00:40.311Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:01:03.133Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:01:05.482Z]	<Justin_R>	(will join audio shortly, VCWG is still wrapping
[2019-02-19T17:01:08.539Z]	<Justin_R>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:01:11.250Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:01:17.806Z]	<vaughan>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:01:36.192Z]	<kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Feb/0031.html
[2019-02-19T17:01:37.234Z]	<Justin_R>	@achughes don't trust me, trust the blockchain
[2019-02-19T17:02:29.403Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/meetings/
[2019-02-19T17:02:29.666Z]	<kimhd> https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Feb/0031.html
[2019-02-19T17:02:42.053Z]	<Moses>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:02:50.791Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:02:53.216Z]	<jonnycrunch>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:02:54.258Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:02:56.296Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:02:59.733Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+ ChristopherA
[2019-02-19T17:03:30.102Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:03:31.716Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-02-19T17:03:48.358Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:03:56.086Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:04:10.911Z]	<chrisboscolo>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:04:15.554Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:04:29.752Z]	<ken>	present+ Ken_Ebert
[2019-02-19T17:04:41.476Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:04:42.441Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2019-02-19T17:05:40.218Z]	<brent>	present+ Brent_Zundel
[2019-02-19T17:05:40.414Z]	<manu>	scribe: manu
[2019-02-19T17:06:06.434Z]	<samchase>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:06:18.575Z]	<manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Feb/0031.html
[2019-02-19T17:06:26.266Z]	<drummond>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:06:26.805Z]	<manu>	Topic: Introductions/Reintroductions
[2019-02-19T17:06:33.447Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Anyone new on the call?
[2019-02-19T17:06:38.800Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:07:00.633Z]	<manu>	kimhd: No one new, let's move on to reintroductions.
[2019-02-19T17:07:01.696Z]	<agropper>	present+
[2019-02-19T17:07:11.634Z]	<drummond>	voip: connections?
[2019-02-19T17:07:21.716Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: 748 is bigbluehat
[2019-02-19T17:07:37.853Z]	<manu>	Orgel: Hi, Jeff Orgel, professional appreciator and technologist in St. Louis, MO.
[2019-02-19T17:08:45.314Z]	<manu>	Orgel: Been watching this group work through this - typically a bystander, but don't quite undrestand language/nuance - don't know if I'm qualified there, but been a technologist 27 years, put first computers on shelves in Best Buy... digital anthropologist, try my best to do what I can to help.
[2019-02-19T17:08:48.173Z]	<manu>	Topic: Announcements
[2019-02-19T17:09:08.056Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Big announcement! We're adding Markus to the list of Editor's on the DID spec.
[2019-02-19T17:09:21.784Z]	<samchase>	congrats!!
[2019-02-19T17:09:22.332Z]	<manu>	Markus: Thank you!
[2019-02-19T17:09:23.723Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-02-19T17:09:25.092Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2019-02-19T17:09:28.234Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Thanks, Markus!
[2019-02-19T17:09:29.613Z]	<manu>	manu: Thank you for volunteering, Markus! :)
[2019-02-19T17:09:32.974Z]	<dlongley>	+1
[2019-02-19T17:09:45.436Z]	<kimhd>	http://rwot8.eventbrite.com
[2019-02-19T17:09:52.193Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-02-19T17:09:58.283Z]	<manu>	kimhd: RWoT8 is in Barcelona, Early Bird discount is over... regular ticket prices open until Feb 22nd.
[2019-02-19T17:10:15.744Z]	<achughes>	57 people are registered now for RWOT 8 in Barcelona
[2019-02-19T17:10:31.680Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: RWoT8 has about 30 advanced topic papers submitted, 7-8 on DIDs, 4-5 on VCs, 3 so far on social key recovery, quite  a few other topics... GDPR, SSI, etc.
[2019-02-19T17:10:32.847Z]	<achughes>	Prices go up on February 23 (due to catering order deadlines)
[2019-02-19T17:10:44.715Z]	<kimhd>	VCWG F2F https://github.com/w3c/verifiable-claims/tree/master/f2f/2019-03-Barcelona
[2019-02-19T17:10:45.083Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Highly encourage you to go to Github and take to topic papers, even if you're not going to RWoT.
[2019-02-19T17:10:50.875Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	57? Wow. Big group, even with the last minute venue selection. That's awesome.
[2019-02-19T17:11:01.755Z]	<drummond>	voip: 74a is drummond
[2019-02-19T17:11:16.827Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: We're not going to be having meetings next week or week after... Chairs are going to be on their way to RWoT.
[2019-02-19T17:11:38.974Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: The week following, unclear, we may not be doing CCG meeting... all Chairs are flying or at VCWG meeting in Barcelona.
[2019-02-19T17:12:19.734Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Thanks Christopher, we will be flying in separate planes to reduce the "bus factor"
[2019-02-19T17:12:27.277Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.internetidentityworkshop.com
[2019-02-19T17:12:34.995Z]	<manu>	kimhd: IIW April 30th - May 2nd - in Mountain View
[2019-02-19T17:12:50.478Z]	<ken>	Nice theme music!
[2019-02-19T17:13:04.413Z]	<manu>	kimhd: We will have a few BTCR folks Barcelona... we will have a pre-BTCR kick-off.
[2019-02-19T17:13:24.800Z]	<manu>	kimhd: ping me if you are interested in the BTCR meet up
[2019-02-19T17:13:36.634Z]	<manu>	Topic: Action Items
[2019-02-19T17:13:38.314Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2019-02-19T17:14:19.397Z]	<manu>	q+ to give up date on https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/59
[2019-02-19T17:14:43.965Z]	<manu>	kimhd: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/44 is waiting, I think we're trying to assign someone there.
[2019-02-19T17:14:59.020Z]	<manu>	woops, scribe meant 43
[2019-02-19T17:15:36.114Z]	<jonnycrunch>	q+
[2019-02-19T17:15:43.601Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-02-19T17:16:02.027Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-02-19T17:16:02.519Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: issue 59 is talking about that there are a copule of DID methods that did not have a spec attached to them, in some cases we were promised them and they never came. We've asked them to submit a spec, many responded. If peopel continue to not provide specs (can be two paragraphs that you will update over time) then do they get to stay in the registry
[2019-02-19T17:16:19.558Z]	<rhiaro>	... already got confirmation from a number of people.. I do'nt know if there's any further action to take, other than revisit in a month to see who still hasn't done that
[2019-02-19T17:16:37.698Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-02-19T17:16:43.654Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Yes, we don't need to talk abou tthis every week, but will check back in in a while.
[2019-02-19T17:16:48.781Z]	<kimhd>	ack jonnycrunch
[2019-02-19T17:16:50.395Z]	<drummond>	I believe that the requirement should now become that a new method is not accepted until the registrant has a method spec.
[2019-02-19T17:17:20.181Z]	<drummond>	It's okay if the spec is changing; almost all the DID method specifications are still evolving.
[2019-02-19T17:17:22.683Z]	<manu>	jonnycrunch: Yes, these are still early days, many of the specs are changing rapidly, difficult to support something that's changing quickly.
[2019-02-19T17:17:36.405Z]	<manu>	jonnycrunch: What is the formality of this registry process? Ledger process?
[2019-02-19T17:17:50.727Z]	<manu>	q+ to provide "formality of the registry"
[2019-02-19T17:18:03.254Z]	<kimhd>	ack drummond
[2019-02-19T17:18:08.483Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Publishing that document is just informational, doesn't have to be in line/supported.
[2019-02-19T17:18:20.400Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-02-19T17:18:22.397Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-02-19T17:18:29.361Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to mention namespace grabbing
[2019-02-19T17:18:33.117Z]	<manu>	drummond: All DID Method specs are evolving, may need to raise bar to you need to at least provide document for DID Method spec.
[2019-02-19T17:18:38.733Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-02-19T17:18:40.140Z]	<manu>	drummond: The last thing we want is a name grab.
[2019-02-19T17:19:24.096Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Yes, similar - you don't have to implemented the spec, just that there is a place where people can go and get things, who is doing what -- what are general thoughts on how it works, how to get on a mailing list... doesn't mean you need to have implementations, doesn't mean you need W3C IPR, it's supposed to be a lightweight thing.
[2019-02-19T17:19:27.644Z]	<drummond>	+1 to Christopher's point that the spec does not have to have been implemented. Just that you have published a spec in someplace where it can be viewed.
[2019-02-19T17:19:47.435Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Part of it is to avoid "centralized registry" -- too soon to try to create "decentralized registry" to register dozen or so real DID Methods.
[2019-02-19T17:20:17.815Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Maybe we will have lightweight registries like that in the future, the requirements are light, we can't have just everyone squatting on names... have to be serious enough to begin draft.
[2019-02-19T17:20:37.814Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-02-19T17:20:43.243Z]	<manu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-method-registry/
[2019-02-19T17:20:48.865Z]	<manu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-method-registry/#the-registration-process
[2019-02-19T17:21:11.680Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: +1 to everything everyone just said. We outline the registration process in the registry and we do say that you have to create a spec. Like Christopher mentioned, the spec does not have to be complete or implemented, but you do have to give general guidence on what you're trying to do
[2019-02-19T17:21:33.918Z]	<rhiaro>	... Mots of the ones that are there are going to submit in the near future
[2019-02-19T17:21:41.699Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-02-19T17:21:45.505Z]	<drummond>	Also, this registry is *informal*, for the benefit of the community, and has no formal authority.
[2019-02-19T17:22:11.667Z]	<Justin_R>	@drummond that's not true, the formal authority is whoever has write access to the git repo
[2019-02-19T17:22:23.399Z]	<rhiaro>	... The other thing is that this became an issue because people said they want to be in the registry but the spec is going to be 6 months from now. We need to take a stance against stuff like that, as weeks roll on, some companies are clearly trying to name squat on the registry. We want people who are actively implementing this stuff
[2019-02-19T17:22:30.461Z]	<kimhd>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-02-19T17:22:41.901Z]	<manu>	markus: I've been in touch with Jolocom and they're planning to submit a method spec soon.
[2019-02-19T17:22:54.899Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-02-19T17:23:01.060Z]	<drummond>	@Justin_R I meant "standards based" authority. Yes, it does of course have access permissions in github.
[2019-02-19T17:23:15.318Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: It's the name squatting that's a problem, if people can grab a name and sit there, that's not good -- write a spec is the minimum bar.
[2019-02-19T17:23:17.481Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-02-19T17:23:48.754Z]	<manu>	Topic: Review ABNF PR
[2019-02-19T17:24:48.044Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Dmitri put together a PR addressing a variety of issues, which is not addressing my issue. So let's have him start, and then go to me.
[2019-02-19T17:24:52.922Z]	<gannan>	what's the link to the issue and PR?
[2019-02-19T17:25:13.653Z]	<rhiaro>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/168
[2019-02-19T17:25:27.085Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: That PR integrates a bunch of different conversations in issues/PRs/calls - some confusion the relationship between service references, links to services that require intermediate DID resolution and the DID URIs themselves.
[2019-02-19T17:25:34.893Z]	<gannan>	thank you rhiaro
[2019-02-19T17:26:08.693Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: The PR clarifies the ABNF rules to define some of the undefined terms, splits the ABNF rules into two sections, one dealing w/ just DID URIs, and another wrt. DID References on top of those URIs... key identifiers, links to service paths and queries and such.
[2019-02-19T17:26:33.313Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: yes, thank you for putting that PR together, Dmitri
[2019-02-19T17:26:51.426Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/170
[2019-02-19T17:26:52.035Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: When I read through the PR, it wasn't quite addressing my first "crazy makin' face" -- two concerns that I have:
[2019-02-19T17:27:14.807Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-02-19T17:27:17.407Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Every concept I've had is DIDs as URIs/URLs - which include the entire string.
[2019-02-19T17:27:45.879Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Looking at the WebChat interface right now, there is one string, URL - includes scheme, authority, query, fragment, etc.
[2019-02-19T17:28:03.177Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: So, DID scheme and identifier string was what we focused on and that was confusing.
[2019-02-19T17:28:06.445Z]	<mwherman2000>	DIDs aren't comparable http://irc.w3.org/?channels=ccg
[2019-02-19T17:28:16.434Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Struggling to see how proposed distinction actually works w/ the URI stuff.
[2019-02-19T17:28:16.537Z]	<mwherman2000>	The latter is a query against a website
[2019-02-19T17:28:30.014Z]	<Justin_R>	https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986
[2019-02-19T17:28:56.017Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: There is the hierarchical part and the rest... maybe we can get away with customizing the hierarchical parts in a traditional URL.
[2019-02-19T17:29:20.193Z]	<dmitriz>	q+
[2019-02-19T17:29:21.463Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: I proposed a strange quirk, no consensus around it - seemed to me that the query part is a good place to put the service
[2019-02-19T17:29:48.423Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: so, move service to query part, would like feedback on that.
[2019-02-19T17:29:53.207Z]	<jonnycrunch>	q+
[2019-02-19T17:30:00.838Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: If you have a DID w/ a query on that, what are the semantics? What about paths?
[2019-02-19T17:30:18.018Z]	<kimhd>	ack drummond
[2019-02-19T17:30:35.388Z]	<mwherman2000>	q+
[2019-02-19T17:30:42.174Z]	<manu>	drummond: When I saw the thread, I do understand what JoeAndrieu is getting at...
[2019-02-19T17:31:05.060Z]	<manu>	drummond: I discussed this w/ Markus, the evolution of the term DID has always corresponded to actual identifier that is "resolved"
[2019-02-19T17:31:50.840Z]	<manu>	drummond: in order to get the DID Document. From the outset, we used the term DID for that - we wrote the ABNF around that - the DID Identifier... we've never formally come up with the term... for... that identifier by itself is a URI. it is technically a URL, because it can be dereferenced.
[2019-02-19T17:32:08.044Z]	<manu>	drummond: DID identifier, by itself, is a URL.
[2019-02-19T17:32:32.536Z]	<manu>	drummond: We've never come up with a formal name, we had something in ABNF, add path/query/fragment - then you have a DID URL... something that is more than just the DID.
[2019-02-19T17:32:43.486Z]	<manu>	drummond: That's why DID didn't correspond to same thing that URI/URL does.
[2019-02-19T17:33:03.074Z]	<manu>	drummond: We may want to say DID-URL is something beyond just the identifier.
[2019-02-19T17:33:15.414Z]	<mwherman2000>	+1 for drummond's comments
[2019-02-19T17:34:02.344Z]	<manu>	drummond: For service IDs, how we select a service, this is the fourth identifier/discovery spec I've worked on - what we discovered in XRD work was that we had the same challenge there, we had a syntax for putting service identifiers in query components, but it was a nightmare to implement.
[2019-02-19T17:34:26.223Z]	<manu>	drummond: The problem is in order to create URLs that resolve to services, you want to reserve everything after the service -- pass on everything as it is composed.
[2019-02-19T17:34:39.937Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-02-19T17:34:42.792Z]	<manu>	drummond: It is much simpler to put service ID selector as component of hier part, before path query or fragment.
[2019-02-19T17:34:54.203Z]	<manu>	drummond: There are only a few characters you can use to distinguish that component.
[2019-02-19T17:35:06.774Z]	<dlongley>	+1 to the above
[2019-02-19T17:35:07.986Z]	<manu>	drummond: I'm happy to go deeper, Markus can explain challenges.
[2019-02-19T17:35:21.015Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: Excellent points, want to address a few of those.
[2019-02-19T17:36:02.853Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-02-19T17:36:13.454Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: putting service in query is something that was discussed, that's one of the things that has been brought up multiple times - implementation experience that drummond mentioned, goes against various subtleties of URI spec, so, "no" on "let's put it in the query part"
[2019-02-19T17:36:20.234Z]	<kimhd>	ack dmitriz
[2019-02-19T17:36:30.673Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: current PR that is being discussed, uses exact same term... DID URL -- instead, uses DID Service Reference.
[2019-02-19T17:36:41.842Z]	<manu>	q+ to -1 DID URL, don't think it'll reduce confusion.
[2019-02-19T17:36:54.455Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: noise?
[2019-02-19T17:37:01.101Z]	<drummond>	Here is the link to the OASIS XRD (Extensible Resource Descriptor) spec: http://docs.oasis-open.org/xri/xrd/v1.0/xrd-1.0.html
[2019-02-19T17:37:09.456Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q to ask how does using query as service violates 3986
[2019-02-19T17:37:45.215Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-02-19T17:37:50.762Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: Unlike traditional URLs, DIDs, since they are based on distributed ledgers, DHTs, there is no server on the other end to execute a query... that's why it doesn't make sense to semantically have a query to the DID itself.
[2019-02-19T17:38:05.483Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: The only context where paths/queries make sense is in reference to the service inside the DID.
[2019-02-19T17:38:16.053Z]	<dlongley>	and they are method independent! :)
[2019-02-19T17:38:23.773Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: That's where the current PR is... that's why we make a sharp distinction between this is a DID and this is a DID Reference.
[2019-02-19T17:38:25.603Z]	<kimhd>	ack jonnycrunch
[2019-02-19T17:38:30.725Z]	<jonnycrunch>	curl -s https://ipfs.io/api/v0/dag/get?arg=zdpuB1oR3vjYmkDc9ALfY7o6hSt1Hrg2ApXaYAFyiAW5E4NJP
[2019-02-19T17:38:58.163Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-02-19T17:39:01.075Z]	<manu>	jonnycrunch: In the IPID spec, we use IPLD, we have RESTful endpoints behind the scenes, gateway, cloudflare, etc... that dereferences the key attribute, DID method specific identifier to CID
[2019-02-19T17:39:08.224Z]	<jonnycrunch>	curl -s https://ipfs.io/api/v0/dag/get?arg=zdpuB1oR3vjYmkDc9ALfY7o6hSt1Hrg2ApXaYAFyiAW5E4NJP/previous
[2019-02-19T17:39:19.194Z]	<jonnycrunch>	curl -s https://ipfs.io/api/v0/dag/get?arg=zdpuB1oR3vjYmkDc9ALfY7o6hSt1Hrg2ApXaYAFyiAW5E4NJP/previous/previous
[2019-02-19T17:39:28.793Z]	<jonnycrunch>	curl -s https://ipfs.io/api/v0/dag/get?arg=zdpuB1oR3vjYmkDc9ALfY7o6hSt1Hrg2ApXaYAFyiAW5E4NJP#key
[2019-02-19T17:39:35.807Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to ask how does using query as service violates 3986
[2019-02-19T17:39:42.545Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ to discuss local dereferences vs server derefence
[2019-02-19T17:39:45.175Z]	<manu>	jonnycrunch: The beauty of that, use slashes to represent path traversal, you could get previous version of DID Document, to get all the way back. We don't use DID fragment, that's coming from HTML protocol, fragment in DOM.
[2019-02-19T17:40:19.193Z]	<jonnycrunch>	curl -s https://ipfs.io/api/v0/dag/get?arg=zdpuB1oR3vjYmkDc9ALfY7o6hSt1Hrg2ApXaYAFyiAW5E4NJP#alfjalkfjaljdoifuaoiufoiaudfouaofduaouasoiufsaoduf
[2019-02-19T17:40:23.105Z]	<manu>	jonnycrunch: Echo what Dmitri said, some concern - pseudo like URI, but we're carrying over the query language that is focused on HTTP protocol. In some cases we use the hash as a secret share to decrypt the payload.
[2019-02-19T17:40:34.487Z]	<dmitriz>	q+ to address jonnycrunch's IPLD usage
[2019-02-19T17:40:38.834Z]	<kimhd>	ack mwherman2000
[2019-02-19T17:41:00.442Z]	<manu>	mwherman2000: This always gets so complicated, reiterate something I said a bit ago - this whole query part, everything that comes after identifier, should be removed to DID Resolution specification.
[2019-02-19T17:41:16.273Z]	<manu>	mwherman2000: I feel like we never are going to get to the end if we keep talking about protocol stuff.
[2019-02-19T17:42:08.473Z]	<manu>	mwherman2000: That being said, drummond and Joe engaged in a discussion around the ABNF - Drummond proposed something... very clean separation between DID and DID string... we've come a long way in separating what the identifier is, we just need to make sure we don't lose that.
[2019-02-19T17:42:11.808Z]	<kimhd>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-02-19T17:42:22.680Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-02-19T17:42:34.977Z]	<manu>	Markus: The DID is just the idnetifier itself, if we have path/query/fragment, then it's something else... DID Reference, DID URL, or something else.
[2019-02-19T17:43:18.094Z]	<manu>	Markus: it helps to be clear on what we're dereferencing. I think the way Dmitri has explained it, when you dereference, the DID reference, then you either get resource in DID Document or to service endpoint.
[2019-02-19T17:43:49.521Z]	<drummond>	-1 to "removing everything but the main DID identifier from the DID spec". The treatment of how paths, queries, and fragments are resolved is IMHO core to how DIDs can be used. Furthermore, the syntax for that is defined in the "hier-part" of the identifier (from the URI ABNF), so it really needs to be in the DID spec.
[2019-02-19T17:43:53.984Z]	<manu>	Markus: Wonder if DID Resolution spec should be called DID Dereferencing spec... don't think ABNF should be in DID Resolution spec, but think Dave has explained it in a convincing way to separate data model and syntax from protocol.
[2019-02-19T17:43:54.035Z]	<mwherman2000>	Here's a link to the issue I and Dimitri are discussing: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/166#issuecomment-464502719
[2019-02-19T17:44:58.007Z]	<manu>	Markus: With respect to service name, I don't think that should be in query string, don't know if that's what we're proposing, advantage of doing that, service name would be a resource in the RDF graph, in JSON-LD... so, service name isn't a query, it's an identifier of the resource that represents the service in the DID Document.
[2019-02-19T17:45:04.777Z]	<kimhd>	q+ burn
[2019-02-19T17:45:04.858Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2019-02-19T17:45:19.884Z]	<drummond>	+1 to identifying the service-id in the "hier-part" so it does not interfere or complicate a path, query, or fragment.
[2019-02-19T17:45:22.168Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: two things, one - having a bit of a problem following the discussion
[2019-02-19T17:45:33.794Z]	<dmitriz>	… it would help to actually look at the various proposals side by side
[2019-02-19T17:45:45.840Z]	<dmitriz>	… not that this conversation is not useful, we just need to get on the same page
[2019-02-19T17:46:08.837Z]	<dmitriz>	… regarding calling something a "DID Reference" vs a "DID URL" — the problem is that the DID string itself is a valid url
[2019-02-19T17:46:31.765Z]	<dmitriz>	… so calling something /else/ a did url (what's being referred to now as a did service reference) might confuse the TAG and others
[2019-02-19T17:46:49.719Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-02-19T17:47:06.084Z]	<manu>	kimhd: If we could discuss at RWoT or have a proposal w/ some ABNF in it, that would be helpful.
[2019-02-19T17:47:11.494Z]	<drummond>	q+ to speak in favor of "did-url" precisely because the did itself is in fact a URL.
[2019-02-19T17:47:17.573Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-02-19T17:47:34.737Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: I'm trying to understand the service identifier in the "hier" part so it doesn't stomp on the path or query.
[2019-02-19T17:47:44.133Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: query and path seems to have no meaning
[2019-02-19T17:48:08.558Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Dmitri said use of query might violate RFC3986, so would like to hear more.
[2019-02-19T17:48:24.684Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: I want to say "this service endpoint is how you reach me", and I'm going to put a DID there...
[2019-02-19T17:48:37.213Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Or, I say, here's my public key, get it from my DID, and the key will apply to the fragment.
[2019-02-19T17:49:03.480Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: I'm having a hard time understanding the nuances/distinctions, users aren't going to understand that... people will just say "DID starts with did: and that's it"
[2019-02-19T17:49:06.875Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-02-19T17:49:36.461Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: My issue is, looking from developer perspective, I'm the equivalent of a browser or curl or some other network-enabled application.
[2019-02-19T17:49:40.283Z]	<drummond>	Again, that's another reason in my mind to establish the term "DID URL"—and use that all time to refer to a DID used as a URL.
[2019-02-19T17:50:05.995Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: When I ask for a traditional URL today, when I hit the "#" character, everything after that is for the client to process.
[2019-02-19T17:50:27.915Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: What I'd like to see in our spec is what the ultimate end client has to do themselves, which to me is after the "#" sign.
[2019-02-19T17:50:36.527Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-02-19T17:50:43.100Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: For example, keys... vs. what the resolver does - resolver doesn't do parsing, right?
[2019-02-19T17:50:51.075Z]	<drummond>	The DID spec is already very clear about how to handle a DID URL fragment.
[2019-02-19T17:50:52.675Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Resolver gives DID Document.
[2019-02-19T17:51:20.023Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: As for what the resolver -- the resolver may handle the "?" stuff
[2019-02-19T17:51:38.055Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: If you are asking for "?" things, you're getting a subset, need to understand distinctions.
[2019-02-19T17:51:55.355Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: With BTCR, it's a service that cannot give you the data... Bitcoin core isn't going to give you a DID.
[2019-02-19T17:52:06.115Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: There will be other services where you need an intermediary.
[2019-02-19T17:52:15.640Z]	<kimhd>	ack dmitriz
[2019-02-19T17:52:16.384Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: Addressing a couple of the points...
[2019-02-19T17:52:17.743Z]	<TallTed>	An HTTP/S server doesn't receive anything from the # to the right.  (other URI schemes may handle the # differently)
[2019-02-19T17:52:58.663Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: It's important to distinguish the URL of interacting w/ resovler, service reference... what jonnycrunch was describing wrt. resolver, that's important because it'll differ from resolver to resolver.
[2019-02-19T17:53:19.141Z]	<TallTed>	The fragment separator ("#") and everything beyond it is strictly client-side, for instance, inside the web browser
[2019-02-19T17:53:47.153Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: The parameters passed in query to resolver, that's one thing - we will talk about it in the DID Resolution spec... but that's outside of DID Resolver spec. One thing is us communicating w/ resolver. Queries, paths, fragments to DID Document itself, not talking about resolver, talking about DIDs... queries/paths don't make sense, fragments do.
[2019-02-19T17:53:57.315Z]	<manu>	q+ to suggest that paths might matter for DID Documents.
[2019-02-19T17:54:19.524Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: Queries, fragments, paths could pass through resolver, through resolved DID, to resolved endpoint.
[2019-02-19T17:54:36.302Z]	<drummond>	+1. Very nicely stated by Dmitri.
[2019-02-19T17:54:59.441Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: I understand JoeAndrieu would like to unify all of those things into one ABNF, I would argue in the other direction, 3 ABNF rules, two of them in the DID Document, one elsewhere (resolver)
[2019-02-19T17:55:02.233Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-02-19T17:55:14.383Z]	<drummond>	I am totally fine with separating the ABNF into three parts as Dmitri suggests.
[2019-02-19T17:55:45.175Z]	<kimhd>	ack drummond
[2019-02-19T17:55:48.302Z]	<markus_sabadello>	+1 to what Dmitri said about the meaning of path,query,fragment to 1. the resolution process, and 2. to resolved endpoints.
[2019-02-19T17:55:52.435Z]	<dlongley>	+1
[2019-02-19T17:55:53.161Z]	<manu>	drummond: +1 to what ADmitri said
[2019-02-19T17:56:16.604Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-02-19T17:56:52.561Z]	<manu>	drummond: To establish lifecycle, those three stages, ironically hearing things on this call that take more time to explain at Rebooting... what Joe has been calling a DID and meaning by DID is what we call a URL. URIs come in many schemes, HTTP URI, mailto: URI, those are all referred to as URLs.
[2019-02-19T17:57:05.019Z]	<manu>	drummond: So you put a DID URL in your blog... a DID by itself is a URL
[2019-02-19T17:57:19.518Z]	<manu>	drummond: When it's a DID plus anything else it's a DID URL
[2019-02-19T17:57:45.066Z]	<manu>	drummond: Looking forward to spending time in on DIDs in Barcelona.
[2019-02-19T17:57:54.674Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-02-19T17:58:00.355Z]	<dmitriz>	q+ to mention paths, JSON pointers
[2019-02-19T17:58:51.320Z]	<dmitriz>	to manu: I think I can address that
[2019-02-19T17:59:08.793Z]	<manu>	q?
[2019-02-19T17:59:10.614Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-02-19T17:59:44.293Z]	<drummond>	@manu—I think to accommodate that (having paths point inside the DID document), we'd need to establish syntax to support it.
[2019-02-19T17:59:45.745Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: paths could be used as JSON-pointer into document itself - one of the things that could keep the clean separation, and I expect IPLD, mentions syntax to specify a syntax as a part of the hash fragment.
[2019-02-19T17:59:51.373Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-02-19T17:59:58.765Z]	<kimhd>	ack dmitriz
[2019-02-19T17:59:59.132Z]	<manu>	q+ to note my point didn't have to do w/ JSON Pointer or pathing in that sense.
[2019-02-19T18:00:08.459Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-02-19T18:00:10.621Z]	<Moses>	q+
[2019-02-19T18:00:21.333Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-02-19T18:00:22.674Z]	<drummond>	+1 to putting the path in the DID fragment
[2019-02-19T18:00:32.453Z]	<drummond>	if it points into the DID document
[2019-02-19T18:00:41.559Z]	<jonnycrunch>	we are working on more robust querying in IPLD, but for now it is limited to "/"
[2019-02-19T18:00:56.600Z]	<kimhd>	ack Moses
[2019-02-19T18:01:30.065Z]	<manu>	Moses: The level of acronyms has gone way up, we need to be careful when communicating w/ the public. Use common language.
[2019-02-19T18:01:36.902Z]	<Moses>	maybe use "context free grammar using ABNF" when writing for the public, we're using a lot more jargon these days
[2019-02-19T18:01:39.375Z]	<Moses>	bye
[2019-02-19T18:01:39.622Z]	<dlongley>	thanks for scribing, manu and rhiaro!
[2019-02-19T18:01:42.479Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2019-02-19T18:01:49.986Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 731
[2019-02-19T18:01:55.092Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 736
[2019-02-19T18:01:58.611Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 742
[2019-02-19T18:02:00.319Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 74c
[2019-02-19T18:02:05.064Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 74d
