[Tue 12:02:40] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Jun/0065.html
[Tue 12:03:27] <manu>	scribe: kimhd
[Tue 12:04:56] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: reviewing agenda
[Tue 12:05:41] <manu>	q+ to report out on DID spec desired outcome w/ Drummond.
[Tue 12:05:42] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:05:47] <manu>	q-
[Tue 12:05:48] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 12:05:50] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 12:05:50] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 12:06:08] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: add separate discussion item about meeting in Burlingame?
[Tue 12:06:28] <kimhd>	dlongley: add item about what to do with DID spec, what is desired outcome?
[Tue 12:06:42] <kimhd>	christopherA: we'll discuss after results
[Tue 12:06:44] *	manu squarfed yep, that should be it... make sure you're not using a proxy - connect directly
[Tue 12:06:47] <ChristopherA_>	q?
[Tue 12:06:48] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley
[Tue 12:06:52] <dlongley>	q-
[Tue 12:06:52] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 12:06:54] <ChristopherA_>	q- dlongly
[Tue 12:06:54] <voip-vctf>	dlongly isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:06:58] *	manu squarfed you can also connect via tel:+1-540-961-4469;ext=6306
[Tue 12:07:27] <manu>	Topic: Introductions
[Tue 12:08:40] <kimhd>	glenbr: working with local company called RChain, helping with ID work, studying Sovrin. Studying Open Badges
[Tue 12:09:24] *	manu Noah_T Blue Ridge, Blue Ridge, Blue Ridge! (we're just up the road from you)
[Tue 12:09:38] <kimhd>	dlehn: with Digital Bazaar, helping with implementations
[Tue 12:09:57] <kimhd>	Topic: Action Items
[Tue 12:10:02] *	manu complete thanks to Dan! I did nothing! :)
[Tue 12:10:10] <kimhd>	manu permissions work item complete
[Tue 12:10:21] <ChristopherA>	Please fill out group work item priorities poll here:  https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdFk3KhzzmIesDUV4PziQQsKkW-ExiSeRUEenQe8_IqqjWbiQ/viewform?c=0&w=1
[Tue 12:10:32] <kimhd>	poll deadline target next week
[Tue 12:10:33] *	dlongley remember 1 per organization
[Tue 12:11:02] <kimhd>	christopherA: ideally 1 per org
[Tue 12:11:39] <kimhd>	christopherA: naming goals constraints and pitfalls -- in progress, will talk about later. new name and mission stmt -- should be done end of month
[Tue 12:12:03] <kimhd>	christopherA: meetings with Digital Verification groups, how does this work
[Tue 12:12:22] *	manu can scribe for kimhd while she talks.
[Tue 12:13:17] <manu>	kimhd: We haven't gotten that many new votes on the poll, we have around 13-15 votes so far... support on lifecycle, browser APIs, DIDs, are in the lead.
[Tue 12:13:41] <manu>	kimhd: Privacy and security requirements are also supported - get your votes in as soon as possible.
[Tue 12:13:55] *	Drummond (~Drummond@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:14:32] <kimhd>	Drummond: how will things proceed?
[Tue 12:15:04] <Drummond>	BTW, I just joined the IRC. Can someone post the link to the poll again?
[Tue 12:15:12] *	manu will get the link, Drummond 
[Tue 12:15:16] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: 2 more of discussions about work items, tally which were highest, who will be champion and actually work on poll items
[Tue 12:15:18] <JoeAndrieu>	 https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdFk3KhzzmIesDUV4PziQQsKkW-ExiSeRUEenQe8_IqqjWbiQ/viewform?c=0&w=1
[Tue 12:15:27] *	manu Drummond  - https://goo.gl/NwJc3Z
[Tue 12:15:39] *	manu Drummond wait, wrong link!
[Tue 12:15:45] *	stonematt (~stonematt@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:15:54] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: want items that are doable and shippable, won't take too long
[Tue 12:16:15] *	manu can't find the link! :(
[Tue 12:16:20] *	dlongley did we want to talk DID spec?
[Tue 12:16:23] <kimhd>	Topic: Community Group Naming
[Tue 12:16:24] <dlongley>	q+ to talk about the DID spec
[Tue 12:16:24] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 12:16:32] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000000f6] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:16:39] <dlongley>	q-
[Tue 12:16:39] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 12:16:41] *	dlongley sounds good
[Tue 12:16:59] *	manu Drummond found it: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdFk3KhzzmIesDUV4PziQQsKkW-ExiSeRUEenQe8_IqqjWbiQ/viewform?c=0&w=1
[Tue 12:17:30] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: naming status "Self Sovereign CG". concern: makes it difficult to speak to banks. Feeling at an impasse
[Tue 12:17:59] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: OTOH everyone know what "Credentials CG" means. questions/comments?
[Tue 12:17:59] *	manu wonders if anyone has a strong preference...
[Tue 12:18:04] <kimhd>	q+
[Tue 12:18:04] <voip-vctf>	kimhd has been added to the queue: kimhd
[Tue 12:18:04] *	dlongley no strong preference
[Tue 12:18:05] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 12:18:05] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: kimhd
[Tue 12:18:20] <Drummond>	q+
[Tue 12:18:20] <voip-vctf>	Drummond has been added to the queue: kimhd, Drummond
[Tue 12:18:24] *	manu kimhd is on the queue
[Tue 12:19:12] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 12:19:12] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: kimhd, Drummond, stonematt
[Tue 12:19:13] <manu>	kimhd: I was wondering - what's the concern w/ the banks - it might imply that we're working toward too much of a decentralized solution?
[Tue 12:19:24] *	abbas_r3 has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:19:27] <manu>	q+ to report back from bank views from last week.
[Tue 12:19:28] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: kimhd, Drummond, stonematt, manu
[Tue 12:19:40] <stonematt>	ack kimhd
[Tue 12:19:40] <voip-vctf>	kimhd has the floor.
[Tue 12:19:45] <ChristopherA_>	q?
[Tue 12:19:45] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: Drummond, stonematt, manu
[Tue 12:19:52] <stonematt>	ack Drummond
[Tue 12:19:52] <voip-vctf>	Drummond has the floor.
[Tue 12:20:07] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: manu will follow up on kimhd's question
[Tue 12:20:27] <kimhd>	Drummond: +1 for SS CG. Industry buying into that term
[Tue 12:20:45] <kimhd>	Drummond: SS speaks strongly to paradigm shift; individual control of their data
[Tue 12:21:00] <kimhd>	Drummond: has become a technology category
[Tue 12:21:03] <agropper>	+1 for SS CG for the same reasons as Drummond
[Tue 12:21:17] <stonematt>	ack stonematt
[Tue 12:21:18] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 12:21:19] *	dlongley thinks it would be SST CG
[Tue 12:21:24] <kimhd>	+1 to Drummond's statement
[Tue 12:22:10] <ChristopherA_>	q+
[Tue 12:22:10] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA_ has been added to the queue: manu, ChristopherA_
[Tue 12:22:22] <kimhd>	stonematt: concern with SST -- is it too implementation focused? Credentials is narrower in scope, people will pick up on more quickly
[Tue 12:22:39] <stonematt>	ack manu
[Tue 12:22:39] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to report back from bank views from last week.).
[Tue 12:23:14] <kimhd>	manu: presentation to 80-100 bank execs. Tried all, they reacted positively to (1) Credentials, (2) VC, (3) SST
[Tue 12:23:30] <kimhd>	manu: they did not grok SST. Perhaps this use has not hit this audienc
[Tue 12:23:58] <Bohan>	anyone have a URL for that paper?
[Tue 12:24:04] <voip-vctf>	Unknown [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000f7] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:24:05] <kimhd>	manu: of people who were aware, different connotation. Swedish context from 80s?
[Tue 12:24:20] <Drummond>	Ironically, Manu's point is one of the reasons I am in favor of "self-sovereign" is that it is a new technology category, and that means it can gain meaning as the use of the term grows.
[Tue 12:24:48] <Drummond>	Note that the Perkins Coie law firm just released a white paper on self-sovereign identity: https://www.virtualcurrencyreport.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/13/2017/05/Perkins-Coie-Self-Sovereign-Identity-and-Distributed-Ledger-Technology_Framing-the-Legal-Issues-1.pdf
[Tue 12:24:52] *	stonematt menamenah :)
[Tue 12:24:56] <kimhd>	manu: in general, SST term is taking off. Google search on term top results are DID spec, etc
[Tue 12:25:15] <Drummond>	+1 to SSI being highly aligned with GDPR
[Tue 12:25:24] <kimhd>	manu: we will have to educate certain audiences, which is not a great marketing approach
[Tue 12:25:35] <Drummond>	The term is gaining great traction in the EU because of that alignment.
[Tue 12:25:50] <kimhd>	manu: SST or SSCG are fine choices
[Tue 12:25:58] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 12:25:58] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA_
[Tue 12:26:23] *	manu stonematt doo doooo di do dooo
[Tue 12:26:58] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: is torn. Has seen poor uses of term "SS" in the wild, beginning to be coopted. So may be preferable to reclaim the narrative and mission/goals.
[Tue 12:27:00] *	manu had to go and find the video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKULi72yUko
[Tue 12:27:13] *	Drummond Manu, what is this video?
[Tue 12:27:29] *	dlongley "The Community Group Formally Known as The Credentials Community Group"
[Tue 12:27:29] <adam>	What about "Self Sovereign Credentials"?
[Tue 12:27:30] *	stonematt swedish 80's ...
[Tue 12:27:46] *	manu Drummond the menamenah song!
[Tue 12:28:00] *	Drummond Man, I missed an era ;-)
[Tue 12:28:34] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: would forming a separate CG cause political problems with w3c?
[Tue 12:28:45] <dlongley>	-1 to creating new groups
[Tue 12:28:49] <Drummond>	-1 to creating a new group
[Tue 12:28:52] <kimhd>	manu: should focus on group we have rather than diffuse energy
[Tue 12:29:00] <kimhd>	kimhd: also -1 to new group
[Tue 12:29:17] <agropper>	also -1 to new group
[Tue 12:29:23] <manu>	I like Self Sovereign Credentials more than Self Sovereign Technology
[Tue 12:29:41] <manu>	it has continuity w/ the "old" group
[Tue 12:29:42] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: close agenda item for now. We need more ppl who care about this here. e.g. Christian Lundkvist, other RWoT members
[Tue 12:29:48] <Drummond>	"Self-Sovereign Technology CG" is a broader term and a bigger tent
[Tue 12:29:48] <nage>	I also prefer keeping credentials in the title
[Tue 12:29:53] <manu>	it introduces the "new thing" we want to go with...
[Tue 12:30:04] <stonematt>	also -1 on new group - let's keep this energy consolidated.  I could rally around Self-Sovereign Credentials.
[Tue 12:30:17] <kimhd>	Topic: Interaction with Banking/Finance Industry
[Tue 12:30:35] <agropper>	I prefer SST for the same reason as Drummond
[Tue 12:30:35] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: read Manu's banking presentation and feedback
[Tue 12:30:56] <kimhd>	manu: will clean up email with his summary and send to group
[Tue 12:31:13] <voip-vctf>	441227738738 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000f8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:31:14] <kimhd>	topic: Planning for W3C TPAC
[Tue 12:31:26] *	DavidC (~DavidC@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:31:28] *	abbas_r3 (~abbas_r3@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:31:32] <kimhd>	 ChristopherA: should we have our own meeting during that?
[Tue 12:31:37] <manu>	voip: f8 is DavidC
[Tue 12:31:37] <voip-vctf>	Associated DavidC with SIP/69.65.34.216-000000f8.
[Tue 12:31:53] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: could be good opportunity to get message out about new name.
[Tue 12:33:04] <Drummond>	Note that this meeting will come shortly after the next IIW Oct 17-19 in Mountain View
[Tue 12:33:12] <kimhd>	manu: suggests creating pitches. Weds is plenary (?) day...introduce new work that's experimental. 468 companies in W3C ; would be good to do a presentation on DID, signature schemes, ... that this group is working on. Suggest this group does those sort of pitches rather than face to face meeting
[Tue 12:33:54] <kimhd>	manu: may not get a lot more ppl joining CG as an outcome. But we should pitch the specs we're working on to W3C group on weds. This is separate from CG having F2F meeting
[Tue 12:33:58] <Drummond>	Manu, when is the VC WG F2F meeting?
[Tue 12:33:58] <manu>	Last 2 days of W3C TPAC... Nov 9th/10th, I think? Will have to check schedule. It's on the Thu/Fri.
[Tue 12:34:12] <kimhd>	ACTION: Chairs to work on technologies pitch for TPAC
[Tue 12:34:22] <manu>	Drummond, Burlingame, CA ... https://www.w3.org/2017/11/TPAC/
[Tue 12:34:34] <manu>	Drummond, Nov 6-10.
[Tue 12:34:39] <kimhd>	Topic: Work Item Review
[Tue 12:34:51] *	dlongley DID spec?
[Tue 12:35:24] <dlongley>	https://decentralized-identity.github.io/working-groups
[Tue 12:36:13] <kimhd>	dlongley: DID spec is listed as doc in DIF. Does this mean that WG is iterating on the spec? What is that group doing with the spec? Implementations of spec?
[Tue 12:37:04] <kimhd>	dlongley: desired outcome -- this group takes on specs, work on it in open community; other groups can work on implementations. His  understanding is Drummond agrees
[Tue 12:37:08] <Drummond>	Dave is absolutely right - DIF is focused on implementations, and in the Identifiers, Names, and Discovery WG, specifically a community DID resolver. The DID spec should, if the members of this CG agree, come to this group.
[Tue 12:37:29] <kimhd>	christopherA: meeting with D. Buchner to discuss later this week
[Tue 12:38:06] <kimhd>	Drummond: strongly agree. Natural home for spec is this CG. Enthusiastic about taking on in this group
[Tue 12:38:17] <dlongley>	q+ to talk about RDF canonicalization when we're ready
[Tue 12:38:17] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: ChristopherA_, dlongley
[Tue 12:38:29] <kimhd>	Drummond: standards in standards orgs, implementations in implementation orgs
[Tue 12:38:29] <manu>	+1 to what Drummond said, very supportive of that direction.
[Tue 12:38:36] <dlongley>	https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1L4iclqqxtQ75nsp8iZhURyMnKPN9NEsRLwZSpesMTv8/edit?usp=sharing
[Tue 12:38:46] <kimhd>	Topic: RDF Dataset Canonicalization
[Tue 12:39:19] <kimhd>	dlongley: domain champions are he and manu
[Tue 12:39:36] <kimhd>	dlongley: work item primarily about how we express claims
[Tue 12:39:58] <kimhd>	dlongley: esp. data format for claims about someone
[Tue 12:40:18] *	manu sad computer is sad. :(((
[Tue 12:40:31] <kimhd>	dlongley: concern is that multiple ways to express graph
[Tue 12:40:55] <kimhd>	dlongley: to check and verify, we need to ensure canonical representation
[Tue 12:41:20] <kimhd>	dlongley: problem how to determine claim has not changed, which representation was signed
[Tue 12:41:30] <nage>	q+ to talk about selective disclosure signing schemes relative to RDF
[Tue 12:41:30] <voip-vctf>	nage has been added to the queue: ChristopherA_, dlongley, nage
[Tue 12:42:00] <kimhd>	dlongley: RDF dataset canon. is a solution. produces unique form of graph
[Tue 12:42:30] <kimhd>	dlongley: output of alg can be compared, hashed and digitally signed. outcome is same no matter which input rep.
[Tue 12:42:41] <manu>	q- ChristopherA_
[Tue 12:42:41] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA_ has been removed from the queue: dlongley, nage
[Tue 12:42:44] <manu>	q- dlongley
[Tue 12:42:44] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been removed from the queue: nage
[Tue 12:42:52] <kimhd>	dlongley: can ensure same claim
[Tue 12:43:15] <ChristopherA_>	q+
[Tue 12:43:15] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA_ has been added to the queue: nage, ChristopherA_
[Tue 12:43:23] <Drummond>	+1 to renaming spec to RDF Data Canonicalizaton
[Tue 12:43:23] <kimhd>	dlongley: canonicalization is more accurate term. should rename. spec needs review, clarification (why useful), and should have rigorous proof of correctness
[Tue 12:43:55] <kimhd>	dlongley: there are multiple implementations of this. 1st version was in 2012 and iterations since. Mature.
[Tue 12:44:25] <kimhd>	dlongley: https://json-ld.github.io/normalization/spec/ is location of current spec. would like to work on in this group
[Tue 12:44:32] <ChristopherA_>	q?
[Tue 12:44:32] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: nage, ChristopherA_
[Tue 12:45:19] <manu>	ack nage
[Tue 12:45:19] <voip-vctf>	nage has the floor (to talk about selective disclosure signing schemes relative to RDF).
[Tue 12:45:46] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 12:45:46] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: ChristopherA_, dlongley
[Tue 12:45:55] <manu>	q+ to note https://w3c-dvcg.github.io/lds-pseudonymous2016/ if dlongley doesn't beat him to it first.
[Tue 12:45:56] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: ChristopherA_, dlongley, manu
[Tue 12:46:16] <Noah_T>	q+ are there ways of working with competing statements or degree of confidence in a statement?
[Tue 12:46:16] <voip-vctf>	Noah_T has been added to the queue: ChristopherA_, dlongley, manu, Noah_T
[Tue 12:46:18] <kimhd>	nage: one area of disconnect. Selective disclosure schemes (uproof etc) need a rigorous def of which slots are available for signing. role of norm. is filled by signature scheme itself. normalization from RDF ends up being redundant. There is overlap between sel. dis. and RDF canon that should be addressed
[Tue 12:46:22] <Drummond>	Don't different signature schemes need to support different canonicalization algorithms?
[Tue 12:46:38] <manu>	Drummond - that's it!
[Tue 12:46:44] <dlongley>	yes
[Tue 12:47:05] <Drummond>	Coming from the XDI graph world, I can guarantee you that canonicalization of the graph is every bit as important as Dave is saying.
[Tue 12:47:18] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: Impressed with effort to create canon that works across formats. Working in multiple implementation. Concerns with how it connects to others? Propose get rid of "RDF" in title and instead focus on value proposition
[Tue 12:47:35] <Drummond>	But Nathan is also correct that the CL sig scheme uses a totally different approach.
[Tue 12:47:39] <manu>	Drummond, yes, but as Nathan was mentioning - CamLys signatures don't need to normalize, because they already have a template.
[Tue 12:47:46] <Drummond>	And that's goodness too.
[Tue 12:47:57] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: second suggestion: being to make open to other things like selective disclosure
[Tue 12:48:09] <manu>	Drummond, in short - Linked Data Signatures is designed to support both... CL-Signatures wouldn't use RDF Dataset Normalization.
[Tue 12:48:27] <manu>	Drummond, they'd use something more like this - https://w3c-dvcg.github.io/lds-pseudonymous2016/
[Tue 12:48:29] <Drummond>	+1 to robust support for selective disclosure - there are multiple ways to do it
[Tue 12:48:38] <manu>	Note the 3.3 Examples section
[Tue 12:48:41] *	Drummond manu, thanks for the reference
[Tue 12:48:44] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: instead of hash for entire dataset, break down into hash tree. provide hash of things that are not disclosed
[Tue 12:48:49] <nage>	There are several signature schemes that are important (and useful) for ledger-like use cases of Verifiable claims that I think are worth making space for (even if we don't address them head on)
[Tue 12:49:04] <ChristopherA_>	q?
[Tue 12:49:04] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA_, dlongley, manu, Noah_T
[Tue 12:49:11] <ChristopherA_>	q-
[Tue 12:49:11] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA_ has been removed from the queue: dlongley, manu, Noah_T
[Tue 12:49:19] <kimhd>	q+ to propose taking on these issues in scope of this work item, if dlongley likes
[Tue 12:49:19] <voip-vctf>	kimhd has been added to the queue: dlongley, manu, Noah_T, kimhd
[Tue 12:49:19] <nage>	we should clear room for tree-like signatures, group signature and a few others to help project ledger consensus outside of a DLT (but that may or may not be in scope for this group)
[Tue 12:49:20] <manu>	nage, absolutely agree - hopefully we've done that... happy to explain how.
[Tue 12:49:43] <kimhd>	dlongley: this is just canon piece, does not talk about signature schemes
[Tue 12:50:36] <kimhd>	dlongley: RDF work addresses ordering part. can discuss how to make that work with selective disclosure. This only addresses getting a graph in canonical order
[Tue 12:50:42] <ChristopherA_>	q+
[Tue 12:50:42] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA_ has been added to the queue: dlongley, manu, Noah_T, kimhd, ChristopherA_
[Tue 12:51:01] <manu>	q-
[Tue 12:51:02] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue: dlongley, Noah_T, kimhd, ChristopherA_
[Tue 12:51:03] <kimhd>	dlongley: flexible in what we can do with output
[Tue 12:51:07] <kimhd>	q-
[Tue 12:51:07] <voip-vctf>	kimhd has been removed from the queue: dlongley, Noah_T, ChristopherA_
[Tue 12:51:07] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Tue 12:51:07] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 12:51:13] <manu>	q?
[Tue 12:51:13] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: Noah_T, ChristopherA_
[Tue 12:51:14] <Noah_T>	nothing urgent from me
[Tue 12:51:18] <manu>	q- Noah_T 
[Tue 12:51:18] <voip-vctf>	Noah_T has been removed from the queue: ChristopherA_
[Tue 12:51:45] <manu>	ack ChristopherA_
[Tue 12:51:45] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA_ has the floor.
[Tue 12:52:07] <kimhd>	+1 to adding to the work item scope some investigation, narrative around how it can work with other  schemes
[Tue 12:52:09] <manu>	Topic: Privacy and Security Requirements
[Tue 12:52:13] <voip-vctf>	14156997117 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000f9] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:52:21] <ChristopherA_>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W0r6TOaJXGcDP4qOzOIEfSymub4nRSLrBmtBqyDf06I/edit#heading=h.r1fldju9aslx
[Tue 12:53:35] <kimhd>	DavidC: see outline in "Privacy & Security Requirements for Credentials Ecosystem" of https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W0r6TOaJXGcDP4qOzOIEfSymub4nRSLrBmtBqyDf06I/edit#heading=h.r1fldju9aslx
[Tue 12:53:47] <ChristopherA>	(BTW, if folks who done presentations can you make sure their link is added to the work items document?)
[Tue 12:54:49] <ChristopherA_>	q?
[Tue 12:54:49] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:54:50] <manu>	q+ to note that this may belong in VCWG
[Tue 12:54:50] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:54:50] <kimhd>	DavidC: "except in cases of abuse" -- issuer and inspector should have recourse in case of user abuse
[Tue 12:55:50] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: where is line between VC and SST groups in terms of scope?
[Tue 12:55:53] <ChristopherA_>	q?
[Tue 12:55:54] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:55:58] <ChristopherA_>	ack manu
[Tue 12:55:58] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note that this may belong in VCWG).
[Tue 12:56:23] *	nage notices Fig.1 here http://dl.ifip.org/db/conf/idman/idman2013/CamenischDLNPP13.pdf as an introduction to delegated credential terminology
[Tue 12:56:37] <kimhd>	manu: some items DavidC covered may belong in VC WG. Some requirements of SS are stricter than the general case.
[Tue 12:57:47] <kimhd>	manu: one way to approach: state a principle, see where it belong
[Tue 12:58:14] <ChristopherA_>	q?
[Tue 12:58:14] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:58:23] <nage>	+1 to the "big tent" approach to keep the generalizations as adoptable as possible
[Tue 12:58:26] <kimhd>	manu: for each item DavidC mentioned, ensure weaker version is listed in VC group, but stronger version is available in this group
[Tue 12:59:06] *	stonematt snowden :)
[Tue 13:00:20] <kimhd>	DavidC: concept of high security credentials that should not be released to anyone outside the org. Nothing in the technology would stop stepping outside restrictions of employer (kimhd: not sure I captured this statement correctly)
[Tue 13:00:44] *	Drummond Kim, you are doing an awesome job scribing, BTW
[Tue 13:01:34] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: focus on differences between groups
[Tue 13:01:38] *	dlongley kimhd it's `/me thanks!` to keep it out of the minutes
[Tue 13:01:43] *	kimhd test
[Tue 13:01:47] *	manu thumbs up
[Tue 13:01:57] *	kimhd thanks~
[Tue 13:02:10] *	Drummond this IRC stuff is #$%@ arcane - but as Nathan says, it works ;-)
[Tue 13:02:25] *	manu chatting like it's 1985 :)
[Tue 13:02:27] *	Drummond For the rest of us, there's Zoom ;-)
[Tue 13:02:37] <voip-vctf>	19293291510 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000df] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:02:38] *	Drummond Manu, LOL!!!
[Tue 13:02:57] <manu>	kimhd: We have Jan Camenisch signed up two weeks from now... 
[Tue 13:03:12] *	stonematt Waving goodbye...
[Tue 13:03:25] *	manu nage, Drummond - there are our terms! page 4 of http://dl.ifip.org/db/conf/idman/idman2013/CamenischDLNPP13.pdf
[Tue 13:03:33] <Drummond>	FYI, I will not be able to attend next week's meeting - I have an all day meeting with BYU Internet Security Research Labs
[Tue 13:03:40] <JoeAndrieu>	I gotta run. See you next week.
[Tue 13:03:50] *	kimhd have to drop off for another call
[Tue 13:04:04] *	JoeAndrieu has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 13:04:17] <manu>	FILL OUT THE POLL: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdFk3KhzzmIesDUV4PziQQsKkW-ExiSeRUEenQe8_IqqjWbiQ/viewform?c=0&w=1
[Tue 13:04:27] *	stonematt has quit ("Leaving...")
[Tue 13:04:28] *	manu not yelling, just trying to get folks attention. :)
[Tue 13:04:32] *	Drummond Manu, awesome. Jan is a superstar.
[Tue 13:04:52] *	dlongley everyone knows you can't yell right now
[Tue 13:04:57] *	manu :P
[Tue 13:05:09] *	kimhd sorry gotta go
[Tue 13:05:13] *	kimhd has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 13:05:32] <manu>	ChristopherA: Let's make sure to invite more folks to these meetings and build our community!
[Tue 13:05:32] <manu>	Present+ sporny, lake, lehn, braun, kimhd, bohan, gropper, christophera, drummond, noah_t, longley, andrieu, stone, davidc, nage, abbas

