[09:05] <kimhd> present+
[09:07] == Kerri_Lemoie [~Kerri_Lemoie@public.cloak] has joined #ccg
[09:07] <kimhd> agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Apr/0080.html
[09:09] <kimhd> topic: poll results
[09:09] <kimhd> https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1vj4N_EaMe-83iejzHhusB3MUm0JRT_KBPY_56MTiydM/viewanalytics
[09:09] <ottonomy> scibe: Nate Otto
[09:09] <ottonomy> scribe: Nate Otto
[09:09] <ottonomy> Kim: I will share my screen to show the poll results.
[09:10] <ottonomy> Kim: People had lots of experience with VC, Open Badges, DIDs, Credential Engine
[09:10] <ottonomy> Kim: Lots of people are interested in building prototypes.
[09:10] <ottonomy> Kim: People also have strong interest in use cases, crosswalks with other entities (to make this initiative mesh well with other entities)
[09:11] <ottonomy> Kim: You can follow the docs link above to view the freemform responses from people yourself. I'm seeing things around multiple qualified signatures, more sophisticated schemes like the scenario Serge mentioned.
[09:11] <ottonomy> Kim: Selective disclosure, on-chain issuance and revocation, a few things around DIDs. Feel free to review this document at your leisure.
[09:12] <ottonomy> Kim: Somebody mentioned that they do not feel the community are helping commercial companies wanting to build in this ecosystem. I would like to hear more.
[09:12] <Kerri_Lemoie> q+
[09:13] <ottonomy> Kim: Some of us are working at companies, and we're in it because we think there are opportunities for our companies to make money in this space. To others, I say "come join us" - we might not be here to spoonfeed companies, because we don't have the bandwidth to do that... at risk of turning this into a diatribe is to focus our efforts so we can build things that we know are useful to companies we're working at. It's up to all of us in the community to
[09:13] <ottonomy>  make that happen.
[09:14] <ottonomy> Kim: There are a lot of trends we're seeing, around interest in DIDs. Fortunately, a lot of the things we have plans to prototype are along these lines.
[09:14] == Serge [~Serge@public.cloak] has joined #ccg
[09:14] <ottonomy> Kim: We would like to know from people, on use cases, "what is the problem you'd like to solve"?
[09:14] <ottonomy> ack Kerri_Lemoie
[09:15] <ottonomy> voip:help
[09:15] <ottonomy> oh I can't ever remember the actual commands!
[09:16] <ottonomy> Kerri_Lemoie: People will often ask me "What's the point?" "So I have this digital credential, what do I do with it"? --> Maybe we can start exploring those use cases.
[09:16] <ottonomy> Kim: The recipient side is key to making this ecosystem successful. Maybe "helping commercial companies" isn't our goal -- helping the recipients in that scenario may be closer. Tooling that is reflected at them. Recipients who can see the value of the credential
[09:17] <ottonomy> Val: On that note, it's interesting on that aspect of the use case: from the government perspective and the work we're trying to do with TalentCloud is exactly that - how can we create this sort of ecosystem that has those two sides of the coin (supply and demand). We very much want to prototype something but we don't have necessarily the right list of specs to follow.
[09:18] <Kerri_Lemoie> q+
[09:18] <ottonomy> Val: This morning, we connected with a group in NASA (Nassau?), and we're getting a lot of resonance. The word badge doesn't necessarily resonate ("Credential" seems to have more weight and may have more mobility.) People really also were interested to see these blockchain use cases.
[09:18] <kimhd> ack Kerri_Lemoie
[09:18] <ottonomy> Val: Seeing these use cases will really catapult those use cases.
[09:19] <ottonomy> Kerri_Lemoie: Let's indeed see those use cases, because that's a direction the specification really leads into.
[09:19] == agropper [~agropper@public.cloak] has joined #ccg
[09:19] <ottonomy> Kim: Any other comments on the poll before we move on to peer claims? Maybe we can jump back to any specific use cases we'd like to see next
[09:19] <agropper> present+ Adrian Gropper
[09:20] <kimhd> Topic: Peer claims https://hackmd.io/BYWqUeNDRimyKJL5xsSOiw
[09:20] <Kerri_Lemoie> scribe: kerri_lemoie
[09:21] <ottonomy> Kim: This peer claims paper spun out of our work from Rebooting Web of Trust
[09:21] <ottonomy> Thanks, Kerri
[09:21] <Kerri_Lemoie> One of the topics that comes out of open badges is decentralized peer endorsements so Nate broke peer claims into its own paper
[09:22] <Kerri_Lemoie> It describes the uses cases specific scenarios for perr-to-peer use caes
[09:22] <Kerri_Lemoie> Serge also added Supporting Kirkpatrick Level 3 evaluation
[09:23] <Kerri_Lemoie> Nate: In the last call we went into the Kirkpatrick evaluation
[09:24] <Kerri_Lemoie> Nate: Level 1 Reaction made by the learner, Level 2 Learning acknowledgement of skills, Level 3 behavior, Level 4: results
[09:24] <Kerri_Lemoie> Nate: Learner, trainer, and line manager all have a say, statement
[09:25] <Kerri_Lemoie> Nate: Learner requests training and signs. Trainer assesses learning and signs. Supervisor (line manager) signs as well.
[09:25] <Kerri_Lemoie> Nate: three different steps and stakeholders in a single badge
[09:26] <Kerri_Lemoie> Nate: Line manager can equate to "inspector"
[09:26] <Kerri_Lemoie> Nate: Use case where all three roles have a signature in the exchange
[09:27] <Kerri_Lemoie> Serge: Nate described it well. The idea of issuer of recipient works in some contexts but we should think beyond to other trust relationships.
[09:28] <Kerri_Lemoie> Serge: Badges can be claimed without an issuer
[09:28] <agropper> q+
[09:28] <Kerri_Lemoie> Serge: adopt the vocabulary
[09:28] <Kerri_Lemoie> Nate: collapses distance between issuer and earner.
[09:28] <ottonomy> ack: agropper
[09:29] <Kerri_Lemoie> agropper: through perspective of reputation - to what extent can this become a component of a reputation system where:
[09:30] <Kerri_Lemoie> agropper: 1) ability to create a summary - like stars for uber participants in a way where system can't be gamed 2) privacy - one or both should be able to hide identities
[09:30] <Kerri_Lemoie> agropper: possible distraction from agenda item but wanted to put it out there
[09:30] <Kerri_Lemoie> nate: would like to explore
[09:31] <Kerri_Lemoie> nate: what defines when it would be appropriate to conceal identity?
[09:32] <Kerri_Lemoie> agropper: needs to be some way to arbitrate issues but there needs to be identity
[09:32] <Kerri_Lemoie> Val: q+
[09:33] <Kerri_Lemoie> nate: significant issues in badges where the spec doesn't conceal identity. Badges can be sent to anyone but it may make sense to be able to conceal identity or other roles as it gets more complex.
[09:33] <Kerri_Lemoie> agropper: would be happy to work on paper for next web of trust
[09:34] <Kerri_Lemoie> Val: question - likes how the roles are broken down. Could the aspect of trainer also be considered a peer reviewer or community expert?
[09:34] <Kerri_Lemoie> Serge: Yes - this is just a specific use case based on training.
[09:35] <Kerri_Lemoie> Serge: Can write a specific use case to address community expert and peer reviewer.
[09:36] <Kerri_Lemoie> Val: there is an opportunity to create a framework where people are rewarded for their skills.
[09:36] <Kerri_Lemoie> Nate: modified the paper to capture some of this conversation
[09:37] <Kerri_Lemoie> Nate: use case has three different states: ready to learn, ready to apply, competent
[09:38] <Kerri_Lemoie> nate: progression of credential status
[09:38] <Kerri_Lemoie> kerri q+
[09:38] <Kerri_Lemoie> Nate: typically in open badges you can have an assertion or not.
[09:39] <ottonomy> Kerri_Lemoie: I love this idea. It sort of ties into the concept of a living credential. Serge, I'm wondering if you're thinking of something I've been thinking of which is that this could involve updating the evidence as these states progress.
[09:39] <ottonomy> Serge: Yes, I think that would be a way to do it. I presented a use case with three parties, but there could be more. Trainer, Assessor, Verifier, Endorsers from the community, who could bring it to another state.
[09:40] <ottonomy> Kerri_Lemoie: I like that because we do have an objective listed where we add more evidence to the badge
[09:41] <Kerri_Lemoie> nate: when we introduced endorsements into the spec which is the verifiable creds spec aliasesd to terms recognizable to open badges world. One of the abilities is being able to add comments and make claims using metadata properties that....
[09:41] <Serge> q+
[09:41] <Kerri_Lemoie> Val: the concept of living credential speaks to what's needed.
[09:42] <Kerri_Lemoie> Serge: What we are defining an automaton where states are moved from one to the next. Add logic statements within the verifiable claim.
[09:43] <Kerri_Lemoie> Nate: close to work with Badgr open pathways - starting standardization at IMS soon - can create an automated rules engine that describes whether or not you've metthe completion rule of assertions. Is very binary and based on badges and in the order they are awarded.
[09:44] <Kerri_Lemoie> nate: how is this different from Serge's autonomoton state?
[09:45] <Kerri_Lemoie> Serge: the people and roles are defined within the rules and service validates this and runs the automaton.
[09:45] <Kerri_Lemoie> Serge: trusted party validates the rules
[09:46] <Kerri_Lemoie> Nate: the badgr pathways processing engine determines whether the rules are met and displays progress.
[09:46] <Kerri_Lemoie> q+
[09:47] <Kerri_Lemoie> Nate: pathways can present where people are in a pathway in a meaningful way. Can be a storytelling device and meaningful for people.
[09:47] <Kerri_Lemoie> Nate: can be different levels of completion reliant on states.
[09:48] <Kerri_Lemoie> nate: validity may be extended rules based. Will add some examples to peer paper.
[09:49] <ottonomy> Kerri_Lemoie: I think is slightly different, a riff off of this. It's more of a concept of one single badge changing on its own. I think it requires some kind of rules-based understanding. I was thinking of a case where the badge image actually changes and evolves as evidence is added to it. I'm hoping to prototype something like that fairly soon.
[09:50] <Kerri_Lemoie> nate: epic conference in October coinciding with Week or Reconition
[09:50] <kimhd> q+
[09:51] <kimhd> q-
[09:52] <Kerri_Lemoie> nate: aim to create json examples for the Kirkpatrick use case.
[09:52] <Kerri_Lemoie> Nate: Nate will work on providing a skeleton for this
[09:52] <kimhd> q+
[09:52] <Kerri_Lemoie> nate == ottonomy (btw)
[09:53] <Kerri_Lemoie> kimhd: can help to look at it for completeness from a spec perspective. Would be helpful to get help from someone with content expertise.
[09:53] <Kerri_Lemoie> ottonomy: will send to list for review
[09:53] <Kerri_Lemoie> Val: can offer support from an employer perspective
[09:54] <kimhd> q?
[09:54] <ottonomy> I think the voipbot might not be actually functioning right now, but nobody on the queue. :)
[09:54] <ottonomy> scribe: ottonomy
[09:55] <ottonomy> Kim: We have some action items on the http://bit.ly/openbadges-rwot6 paper - Maybe now it's time to fork the paper to remove the Option 2. We're pretty sure the Option 1 is going to work.
[09:55] <ottonomy> Kim: we can track the prototyping as the next steps separately
[09:56] <kimhd> ottonomy: prototypes on other paper first. Serge has been getting contributors
[09:56] <kimhd> ottonomy: 4 weeks from content on peer claims
[09:57] <kimhd> ottonomy: ld cap looks in early stages
[09:58] <ottonomy> Kim: There are some things I plan to do with the blockchain signature suite that I can start getting samples for
[09:58] <ottonomy> Kim: We are at time: It would be ideal if we can start getting commitments to work on specific items, whether use cases, editorial or software. Over the next 2 weeks let's be thinking about what type of thing you'd like to work on.
[09:59] <kimhd> q?
[09:59] <ottonomy> Kim: I saw a few ideas being thrown out in the minutes. In two weeks perhaps we can isolate some of those and see what people might be interested in. Advancement of ideas for papers for next rebooting.
[09:59] <ottonomy> Kim: Any questions about work items?
[09:59] <ottonomy> Kim: Do you need help in crafting things to work on?
[10:00] <ottonomy> Val: One thing we're focusing on as part of our platform is the idea of recognizing indigenous talent. We have a large Canadian indigenous community, and there is a responsibility to have more inclusion in public service across Canada as a whole. One thing we're looking at is the concept of lived experience, recognizing and surfacing them as transferrable skills in a way that becomes visible and is seen as a valuable currency, if you will. That's one
[10:00] <ottonomy>  thing I'd be very interested in exploring as a particular use case, particularly with communities that are seen as vulnerable, -- create bridges into workforce.
[10:00] <ottonomy> Kim: Let's talk about that in 2 weeks
[10:01] <ottonomy> Kim: thanks, everyone, see you in two weeks.
