[2018-04-24T16:02:52.026Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2018-04-24T16:02:55.463Z]	<cwebber2>	present+
[2018-04-24T16:03:03.660Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2018-04-24T16:03:30.239Z]	<agropper>	present+
[2018-04-24T16:03:37.844Z]	<DavidC>	present+
[2018-04-24T16:03:46.139Z]	<mikelodder>	I can scribe
[2018-04-24T16:03:54.039Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2018-04-24T16:04:03.141Z]	<mikelodder>	Payment made in Bitcoin ;-)
[2018-04-24T16:05:00.459Z]	<mikelodder>	This call will focus on process that the chairs have been working on
[2018-04-24T16:06:06.782Z]	<mikelodder>	Lionel: I will be at consensys and am happy to help
[2018-04-24T16:06:12.431Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2018-04-24T16:06:20.779Z]	<mikelodder>	... would love to meet up
[2018-04-24T16:06:27.563Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Consensus:  May 14-16 New York Hilton Midtown
[2018-04-24T16:06:33.046Z]	<agropper>	q-
[2018-04-24T16:06:50.105Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-04-24T16:06:53.919Z]	<Lionel>	Consensys is May 14-16 in NYC
[2018-04-24T16:07:12.400Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	MYDATA 2018 August 29â€“31 Helsinki, Finland
[2018-04-24T16:07:18.860Z]	<kimhd>	action items: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/labels/action%20item
[2018-04-24T16:07:24.025Z]	<Lionel>	PM me if you are attending, let's have a DID/VC meetup there.
[2018-04-24T16:07:46.644Z]	<Lionel>	For consensus coordination, PM me at email lwolberg -at- gmail
[2018-04-24T16:07:46.914Z]	<mikelodder>	kimd: action items and progress have now been moved to GitHub
[2018-04-24T16:08:23.305Z]	<mikelodder>	JoeAndrieu: we need to get back to the W3C about being in the agenda for TPAC
[2018-04-24T16:08:33.174Z]	<Lionel>	[Lionel waving at Kaliya]
[2018-04-24T16:08:33.912Z]	<kimhd>	Action: chairs need to respond to W3C about being in agenda for TPAC
[2018-04-24T16:09:07.821Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-04-24T16:09:36.269Z]	<kimhd>	work items: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2018-04-24T16:09:37.765Z]	<mikelodder>	JoeAndrieu: Data verification is now published
[2018-04-24T16:10:53.350Z]	<Lionel>	Pending IPR Approval
[2018-04-24T16:10:53.389Z]	<kimhd>	Data minimization: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/data-minimization
[2018-04-24T16:11:07.239Z]	<Lionel>	"Respect Format" Approvals
[2018-04-24T16:11:19.224Z]	<Lionel>	Edit Button - no pen icon?
[2018-04-24T16:11:40.789Z]	<mikelodder>	Lionel: Need permissions to finish
[2018-04-24T16:11:45.159Z]	<Lionel>	Final Readers? Joe Andrieu.
[2018-04-24T16:12:13.492Z]	<mikelodder>	Lionel: also need to meet with JanC for greater feedback and implementing other suggestions
[2018-04-24T16:12:54.968Z]	<mikelodder>	I would like to do that
[2018-04-24T16:13:03.139Z]	<mikelodder>	I can be a reader
[2018-04-24T16:13:09.200Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	excellent! +1 mikelodder
[2018-04-24T16:13:10.092Z]	<mikelodder>	q+
[2018-04-24T16:13:16.994Z]	<Lionel>	Ok MikeLodder, I will contact you as a reader.
[2018-04-24T16:13:26.292Z]	<mikelodder>	Okay thanks
[2018-04-24T16:13:27.744Z]	<mikelodder>	q-
[2018-04-24T16:14:08.490Z]	<kimhd>	Action: chairs make respec documentation, IPR info available
[2018-04-24T16:14:35.375Z]	<bigbluehat>	present+
[2018-04-24T16:14:36.613Z]	<mikelodder>	kimhd: will make document available that readers to complete
[2018-04-24T16:15:05.781Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2018-04-24T16:15:13.273Z]	<kimhd>	ack drummond
[2018-04-24T16:15:40.640Z]	<mikelodder>	drummond: no blockers, there are several items for me that I need to close and going to meet with manu to resolve issues
[2018-04-24T16:16:03.139Z]	<mikelodder>	... what are we doing to do with key formats and JWT key description formats
[2018-04-24T16:16:22.762Z]	<cwebber2>	manu and dlongley are traveling today
[2018-04-24T16:16:23.106Z]	<mikelodder>	kimhd: do we have an issue to track that
[2018-04-24T16:16:24.932Z]	<cwebber2>	I think
[2018-04-24T16:16:46.165Z]	<mikelodder>	drummond: yes I believe there are open issues
[2018-04-24T16:16:52.053Z]	<mikelodder>	... DIDs are moving forward
[2018-04-24T16:17:08.687Z]	<mikelodder>	kimhd: create action to follow up with manu
[2018-04-24T16:17:26.501Z]	<mikelodder>	... JWT specific issues that are not specific to manu or dlongly
[2018-04-24T16:17:41.021Z]	<kimhd>	ACTION: manu jwt issues
[2018-04-24T16:17:59.980Z]	<mikelodder>	kimhd: moving on to CCG process
[2018-04-24T16:18:02.987Z]	<kimhd>	TOPIC: CCG Process
[2018-04-24T16:18:03.822Z]	<kimhd>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vj811aUbs8GwZUNo-LIFBHafsz4rZTSnRtPv7RQaqNc/edit
[2018-04-24T16:18:09.767Z]	<mikelodder>	JoeAndrieu: will introduce it
[2018-04-24T16:18:53.100Z]	<mikelodder>	... previously we've focused on the items and not how the process works
[2018-04-24T16:19:00.111Z]	<kimhd>	lionel: note IP Release section in this doc (to answer your earlier question)
[2018-04-24T16:19:11.349Z]	<kimhd>	All contributors to CG WORK ITEMS must be members of the CCG with full IPR agreements signed. https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/join W3C COMMUNITY CONTRIBUTOR LICENSE AGREEMENT (CLA): https://www.w3.org/community/about/agreements/cla/
[2018-04-24T16:19:19.855Z]	<mikelodder>	... there was confusion around the story items
[2018-04-24T16:19:43.951Z]	<mikelodder>	... we have public repos to help with standing communication
[2018-04-24T16:20:06.559Z]	<mikelodder>	... put together a diagram to demonstrate how this works
[2018-04-24T16:20:14.481Z]	<mikelodder>	... for work item visualization
[2018-04-24T16:21:03.055Z]	<mikelodder>	... there will be final reports before they move forward to be completed
[2018-04-24T16:21:14.284Z]	<mikelodder>	... it has been a huge list, trying to simplify it
[2018-04-24T16:21:41.271Z]	<Lionel>	Kim: https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/join  <-- is requiring a user/pass for entry
[2018-04-24T16:22:07.860Z]	<mikelodder>	... begins with an abstract and starts with a lead
[2018-04-24T16:22:39.724Z]	<mikelodder>	... once accepted as a work item, a repo will be created or transferred where previous work exists
[2018-04-24T16:23:12.513Z]	<mikelodder>	... closed out upon completion and transferred to another work group or published
[2018-04-24T16:23:51.908Z]	<mikelodder>	... community reports has a higher threshold for consensus to get them published as a report
[2018-04-24T16:24:33.801Z]	<mikelodder>	... community reports begin as rough drafts, move to unreleased drafts, then to numbered versions
[2018-04-24T16:24:56.103Z]	<mikelodder>	... next is a published draft
[2018-04-24T16:24:57.154Z]	<kimhd>	Lionel: I guess you need a w3 login first (is there a create an account link?)
[2018-04-24T16:25:07.503Z]	<mikelodder>	... which invites feedback from community
[2018-04-24T16:25:21.239Z]	<mikelodder>	... after feedback and consensus then its published as a final report
[2018-04-24T16:25:30.961Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-04-24T16:25:40.311Z]	<heathervescent>	Looks great.
[2018-04-24T16:25:54.419Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vj811aUbs8GwZUNo-LIFBHafsz4rZTSnRtPv7RQaqNc/edit
[2018-04-24T16:25:57.973Z]	<mikelodder>	+1 thanks
[2018-04-24T16:27:07.300Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-04-24T16:27:40.419Z]	<mikelodder>	JoeAndrieu: the way the items are managed is through your account at W3C
[2018-04-24T16:27:57.869Z]	<Lionel>	Kim: Please supply "how to create an account at the W3C"
[2018-04-24T16:29:28.426Z]	<mikelodder>	JoeAndrieu: the process is probably missing some things and needs to be further refined
[2018-04-24T16:29:44.940Z]	<mikelodder>	... we want to be open and accept many various ideas
[2018-04-24T16:30:40.147Z]	<mikelodder>	Kimhd: to get a proposed work item started, post a comment in the community GitHub repo
[2018-04-24T16:30:46.089Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	community repo for posting proposed work items: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community
[2018-04-24T16:31:41.066Z]	<mikelodder>	... will send a notice out that this is the new adopted process
[2018-04-24T16:31:56.152Z]	<lparker>	Account request for w3.org: https://www.w3.org/accounts/request
[2018-04-24T16:32:24.868Z]	<kimhd>	ACTION: create spectext for ccg process, send email to group
[2018-04-24T16:32:32.551Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	thanks, Lionel
[2018-04-24T16:32:33.234Z]	<Lionel>	q+
[2018-04-24T16:32:39.513Z]	<kimhd>	ack Lionel
[2018-04-24T16:34:12.720Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	 https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/join
[2018-04-24T16:34:14.974Z]	<Lionel>	Thanks.
[2018-04-24T16:35:08.030Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2018-04-24T16:35:29.851Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-04-24T16:35:32.228Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Technical Plenary/AC Meetings Week, 22-26 October 2018
[2018-04-24T16:35:37.974Z]	<kimhd>	TPAC DID preparation: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/8
[2018-04-24T16:36:07.300Z]	<mikelodder>	JoeAndrieu: next week will discuss needs to get the DID working group started and chartered
[2018-04-24T16:37:22.394Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1
[2018-04-24T16:37:24.092Z]	<bigbluehat>	+1
[2018-04-24T16:37:26.013Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	(for Lyon)
[2018-04-24T16:37:26.207Z]	<kimhd>	+1 in IRC if you are able to go
[2018-04-24T16:37:27.921Z]	<kimhd>	+1
[2018-04-24T16:37:30.219Z]	<DavidC>	+1
[2018-04-24T16:37:30.759Z]	<drummond>	-1 - conflict with IIW
[2018-04-24T16:38:19.691Z]	<identitywoman>	sorry about the conflict - we schedule IIW a year ahead
[2018-04-24T16:38:48.644Z]	<identitywoman>	we put out to folks as we get ot the next IIW when we should not have IIW...so if you know of things in fall 2019 tell us NOW :)
[2018-04-24T16:41:52.665Z]	<mikelodder>	q+
[2018-04-24T16:42:25.083Z]	<kimhd>	ack mikelodder
[2018-04-24T16:42:27.292Z]	<drummond>	I am totally bummed about the conflict between IIW and TPAC
[2018-04-24T16:42:43.661Z]	<identitywoman>	If you met early in the week like on the 22nd technically people could fly to SF and get a day or two of the end of IIW.
[2018-04-24T16:42:47.214Z]	<ottonomy>	+0 Might be able to make it at least for part, as I'll likely be in Paris for openepic.eu 26-26 Oct.
[2018-04-24T16:44:00.965Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-04-24T16:44:02.594Z]	<Moses>	q+
[2018-04-24T16:44:08.032Z]	<kimhd>	ack Moses
[2018-04-24T16:45:04.080Z]	<mikelodder>	Moses: email me if you are interested in attending a conference with Bitcoin folks and bdc
[2018-04-24T16:45:18.959Z]	<mikelodder>	... will also cover DID-AUTH
[2018-04-24T16:46:52.340Z]	<identitywoman>	Also please see the work that i have spun up  to ensure DIVERSITY And INCLUSION in the first wave of outreach - http://www.humanfirst.tech
[2018-04-24T16:47:00.371Z]	<mikelodder>	... doing a conference in healthcare and want speakers for identity
[2018-04-24T16:48:44.775Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2018-04-24T16:48:57.896Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 3bd
[2018-04-24T16:49:01.593Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 3bf
[2018-04-24T16:49:03.314Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 3d2
