[2018-12-04T16:58:42.522Z]	<ChristopherA>	voip: 140 is ChristopherA
[2018-12-04T16:58:49.282Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+ ChristopherA
[2018-12-04T16:59:03.925Z]	<achughes>	present+
[2018-12-04T16:59:04.043Z]	<drabiv>	present+ drabiv
[2018-12-04T16:59:05.836Z]	<rgrant>	present+
[2018-12-04T17:00:23.087Z]	<rgrant>	hearing audio
[2018-12-04T17:00:32.365Z]	<manu>	regrets: manu
[2018-12-04T17:00:38.508Z]	<ChristopherA>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Dec/0000.html
[2018-12-04T17:00:41.037Z]	<Moses>	present+
[2018-12-04T17:00:47.608Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2018-12-04T17:01:02.646Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2018-12-04T17:01:05.230Z]	<dmitriz>	present+ DmitriZ
[2018-12-04T17:01:19.269Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Dec/0000.html
[2018-12-04T17:01:41.367Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	present+
[2018-12-04T17:01:44.535Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	present+
[2018-12-04T17:01:56.123Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2018-12-04T17:02:17.429Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: 014e is bigbluehat
[2018-12-04T17:02:22.870Z]	<bigbluehat>	present+
[2018-12-04T17:02:29.272Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	voip-ccg: 014a is markus_sabadello_
[2018-12-04T17:02:37.927Z]	<burn>	present+
[2018-12-04T17:03:12.196Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2018-12-04T17:03:15.340Z]	<drabiv>	present+ Bohdan Andriyiv
[2018-12-04T17:03:27.703Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2018-12-04T17:03:32.908Z]	<chrisboscolo>	present+
[2018-12-04T17:03:37.369Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LkqZ10z7FeV3EgMIQEJ9achEYMzy1d_2S90Q_lQ0y8M/edit?usp=sharing)
[2018-12-04T17:04:01.518Z]	<brentz>	present+
[2018-12-04T17:04:02.807Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2018-12-04T17:04:06.968Z]	<bigbluehat>	scribenick: bigbluehat
[2018-12-04T17:04:13.608Z]	<Yancy_>	present+
[2018-12-04T17:04:21.690Z]	<ChristopherA>	scribe: bigbluehat
[2018-12-04T17:04:34.088Z]	<bigbluehat>	Topic: introductions
[2018-12-04T17:04:49.282Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: anyone new today? first time on the call? please `q+` or speak up
[2018-12-04T17:05:06.327Z]	<bigbluehat>	Sub-Topic: reintroductions
[2018-12-04T17:05:45.562Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: hey kimhd have you been reintroduced recently?
[2018-12-04T17:05:51.549Z]	<bigbluehat>	JoeAndrieu: on a previous call
[2018-12-04T17:06:22.048Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: my name is Christopher Allen, I work on blockchain security
[2018-12-04T17:06:34.468Z]	<bigbluehat>	...I consult around better tooling for blockchains and DIDs
[2018-12-04T17:06:45.471Z]	<bigbluehat>	Topic: Announcements and Reminders
[2018-12-04T17:06:45.814Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2018-12-04T17:07:02.015Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://www.w3.org/Security/strong-authentication-and-identity-workshop/
[2018-12-04T17:07:02.628Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: next week we have the workshop on strong identity
[2018-12-04T17:07:10.128Z]	<daniel>	Do not bring your weak identity ideas to it
[2018-12-04T17:07:10.236Z]	<bigbluehat>	...if you've not already registered, I believe it's already full
[2018-12-04T17:07:18.622Z]	<daniel>	;)
[2018-12-04T17:07:20.414Z]	<bigbluehat>	...if you'll be there next week, I look forward to seeing you there
[2018-12-04T17:07:35.260Z]	<ChristopherA>	http://weboftrust.info
[2018-12-04T17:07:35.774Z]	<bigbluehat>	...there will not be a meeting on the 11th nor the 25th or 1st because holidays
[2018-12-04T17:07:47.881Z]	<bigbluehat>	...in the spring there's rebooting web of trust
[2018-12-04T17:07:50.374Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://www.internetidentityworkshop.com
[2018-12-04T17:07:53.202Z]	<bigbluehat>	...wrapping up those details now
[2018-12-04T17:07:58.928Z]	<bigbluehat>	there's also the internet identity workshop
[2018-12-04T17:08:07.728Z]	<bigbluehat>	...april 30th through may 2nd
[2018-12-04T17:08:20.829Z]	<bigbluehat>	...if you have other meetings please email them to the list
[2018-12-04T17:08:35.968Z]	<bigbluehat>	...So, the CCG team went through how we review action items
[2018-12-04T17:08:42.989Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we've added a lot of tags to our issues
[2018-12-04T17:08:48.488Z]	<bigbluehat>	...to help us manage those
[2018-12-04T17:08:55.154Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/labels/action%3A%20review%20next
[2018-12-04T17:09:02.889Z]	<bigbluehat>	...in future weeks we'll be picking 3 items that we'll call "review next"
[2018-12-04T17:09:10.691Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we'll try and tackle those each week
[2018-12-04T17:09:20.548Z]	<bigbluehat>	...and let people know we're covering them on upcoming calls
[2018-12-04T17:09:44.308Z]	<bigbluehat>	...there are quite a few new additional tags
[2018-12-04T17:09:58.649Z]	<bigbluehat>	...so, we've announced this, so that closes #35
[2018-12-04T17:10:10.654Z]	<bigbluehat>	Topic: DID resolver specification
[2018-12-04T17:10:14.847Z]	<bigbluehat>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/20
[2018-12-04T17:10:19.995Z]	<jonnycrunch>	present+
[2018-12-04T17:10:54.729Z]	<bigbluehat>	markus_sabadello_: we are discussing the resolution architecture
[2018-12-04T17:11:04.267Z]	<bigbluehat>	...there are a number of open topics related to that
[2018-12-04T17:11:22.290Z]	<bigbluehat>	...the document linked there contains a short abstract, basic example, and a list of open topics
[2018-12-04T17:11:45.010Z]	<bigbluehat>	...there is also a topic paper from the last RWoT about DID resolution
[2018-12-04T17:11:51.888Z]	<bigbluehat>	...Dimitry and I have done a few calls to discuss this
[2018-12-04T17:11:59.669Z]	<bigbluehat>	...but as yet there's not much content on the document yet
[2018-12-04T17:12:02.239Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-12-04T17:12:07.008Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we're motivated to start working more on that now
[2018-12-04T17:12:10.088Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: any blockers?
[2018-12-04T17:12:25.523Z]	<dmitriz>	+1 to everything markus said
[2018-12-04T17:12:30.853Z]	<bigbluehat>	markus_sabadello_: no blockers on my side
[2018-12-04T17:12:40.473Z]	<bigbluehat>	...I am wondering a little bit about the process
[2018-12-04T17:12:44.688Z]	<bigbluehat>	...is this an official work item?
[2018-12-04T17:12:52.259Z]	<bigbluehat>	...should we have regular calls around this topic?
[2018-12-04T17:13:12.428Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: so, that's exactly what we want to do for each of these items
[2018-12-04T17:13:18.589Z]	<bigbluehat>	...continuing on that, we have an action item
[2018-12-04T17:13:29.549Z]	<bigbluehat>	...for manu for verifying DID methods
[2018-12-04T17:13:41.635Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/4
[2018-12-04T17:13:51.330Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-12-04T17:13:52.153Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: who's here?
[2018-12-04T17:14:04.168Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present?
[2018-12-04T17:14:09.922Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action%3A+ccg%22
[2018-12-04T17:14:11.688Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: so, we'll address that later when manu's on the call
[2018-12-04T17:14:21.994Z]	<bigbluehat>	...these items are items that the community is doing
[2018-12-04T17:14:35.028Z]	<bigbluehat>	...and hear from anyone who has updates on these
[2018-12-04T17:14:38.048Z]	<bigbluehat>	...there are 7 items open
[2018-12-04T17:14:42.388Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we're working on a DID explainer
[2018-12-04T17:14:45.908Z]	<bigbluehat>	...that's today's main topic
[2018-12-04T17:14:54.069Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-12-04T17:15:03.348Z]	<bigbluehat>	...does anyone have any status updates on these?
[2018-12-04T17:15:18.347Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we still need to review the model specification?
[2018-12-04T17:15:27.149Z]	<bigbluehat>	...burn is that something the VCWG needs us today officially?
[2018-12-04T17:15:34.068Z]	<bigbluehat>	burn: technically yes
[2018-12-04T17:15:45.848Z]	<bigbluehat>	...the VCWG charter says we'll coordinate with a specific list of groups
[2018-12-04T17:15:53.834Z]	<bigbluehat>	...and we need official feedback
[2018-12-04T17:16:02.269Z]	<bigbluehat>	...which could be as minimal as "we looked at it, and it's fine."
[2018-12-04T17:16:12.068Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: so, we need an action item for that, because we need to do it soon
[2018-12-04T17:16:16.753Z]	<rgrant>	For purposes of testing DID Document parsing, I'm still looking for a corpus of valid DID Documents.
[2018-12-04T17:16:23.630Z]	<burn>	yes, talk to JoeA about what "soon" means for VCWG
[2018-12-04T17:16:24.968Z]	<bigbluehat>	...Ryan Grant had sent a DID Document use case request
[2018-12-04T17:16:35.483Z]	<bigbluehat>	...seems he's still looking for valid DID documents
[2018-12-04T17:16:49.028Z]	<bigbluehat>	...so, if you have such things please send those to rgrant
[2018-12-04T17:16:52.928Z]	<bigbluehat>	...he's collecting those
[2018-12-04T17:16:59.968Z]	<dmitriz>	rgrant - is there an issue or document where we can add DID docs?
[2018-12-04T17:17:04.208Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we also need to do a review of the various approaches so far--that'll be a future meeting
[2018-12-04T17:17:18.088Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we also keep seeing this security/vulnerability report on our repos, and that needs addressing
[2018-12-04T17:17:18.408Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action%3A+work+items%22
[2018-12-04T17:17:24.168Z]	<bigbluehat>	...now on to work items
[2018-12-04T17:17:26.779Z]	<bigbluehat>	Topic: Work Items
[2018-12-04T17:17:39.143Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: any status on any of these?
[2018-12-04T17:17:39.749Z]	<rgrant>	dmitriz: yes, send a pull request to https://github.com/dcdpr/diddoc-validation
[2018-12-04T17:17:50.479Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-12-04T17:18:02.948Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action%3A+chairs%22
[2018-12-04T17:18:27.848Z]	<bigbluehat>	...here's the list of issues the chairs are focused on
[2018-12-04T17:18:35.188Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+no%3Alabel
[2018-12-04T17:18:40.542Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we go through these every Friday to make sure they're being addressed
[2018-12-04T17:18:49.470Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we're also working to tag all our issues
[2018-12-04T17:18:58.288Z]	<bigbluehat>	...and seems we've accomplished that so far
[2018-12-04T17:19:12.202Z]	<bigbluehat>	...anyone's encouraged to submit issues related to their work
[2018-12-04T17:19:16.215Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+no%3Aassignee
[2018-12-04T17:19:34.160Z]	<bigbluehat>	...and now we'll address unassigned issues
[2018-12-04T17:20:14.168Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we need a lead on #28 Review VC Data Model Spec
[2018-12-04T17:20:25.590Z]	<bigbluehat>	...is there anyone who could read through that and lead a discussion on a future meeting?
[2018-12-04T17:20:30.862Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-12-04T17:20:39.348Z]	<bigbluehat>	achughes: if no one else wants to do it, I can do that
[2018-12-04T17:20:47.627Z]	<bigbluehat>	...and I'm happy to accept supporting contributors as well
[2018-12-04T17:21:28.292Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	q+
[2018-12-04T17:21:38.078Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: anyone here from EIP who could address #21?
[2018-12-04T17:21:50.793Z]	<bigbluehat>	markus_sabadello_: I'm definitely not from the Ethereum Community
[2018-12-04T17:21:55.648Z]	<bigbluehat>	...but I could contribute a bit there
[2018-12-04T17:22:01.008Z]	<bigbluehat>	...I worked on the related DID method
[2018-12-04T17:22:09.601Z]	<bigbluehat>	...but I'm not probably the best person for handling #21
[2018-12-04T17:22:24.341Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: so your task can be to find someone to address it
[2018-12-04T17:22:27.330Z]	<bigbluehat>	...so that's done
[2018-12-04T17:22:39.993Z]	<bigbluehat>	...now we need someone to lead a discussion on #18 JWK cryptosuite spec
[2018-12-04T17:22:53.634Z]	<dmitriz>	q+
[2018-12-04T17:22:53.852Z]	<bigbluehat>	...things such as CBOR, IPLD, etc.
[2018-12-04T17:23:02.728Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack markus_sabadello_
[2018-12-04T17:23:05.138Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack dmitriz
[2018-12-04T17:23:07.779Z]	<bigbluehat>	...anyone up for this one? maybe someone from microsoft?
[2018-12-04T17:23:37.240Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we're looking for someone to generate a report about IPLD, JSON-LD, etc.
[2018-12-04T17:23:54.274Z]	<bigbluehat>	daniel: so, we have been working on some of  this
[2018-12-04T17:24:24.269Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we've worked with larger financial groups and things wanting token auth
[2018-12-04T17:24:44.589Z]	<bigbluehat>	daniel: that's the status I have for now anyway
[2018-12-04T17:25:11.894Z]	<jonnycrunch3>	q+ what is the relevance for IPLD?
[2018-12-04T17:25:17.128Z]	<Moses>	q+
[2018-12-04T17:25:19.614Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: daniel if you can think about a future meeting where we can go into more details
[2018-12-04T17:25:24.048Z]	<bigbluehat>	...maybe sometime early in january
[2018-12-04T17:25:32.997Z]	<bigbluehat>	...in the meantime, what is your github name?
[2018-12-04T17:25:40.314Z]	<bigbluehat>	daniel: csuwildcat
[2018-12-04T17:26:44.242Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: that closes out that part of the agenda
[2018-12-04T17:26:55.248Z]	<daniel>	Summary: there is a flavor of JW*-based DID auth in DIF that supports RSA and secp256k1, and we have been getting feedback from potential large corp/gov adopters that they want OIDC support at some level, where possible. We're going to continue working on the former, and trying to make the latter compatible, wherever we can
[2018-12-04T17:27:03.622Z]	<bigbluehat>	...it went a bit longer today, but it's what we'd like to tackle this process each week
[2018-12-04T17:27:13.260Z]	<bigbluehat>	dmitriz: I'd like to add some thoughts about JWT
[2018-12-04T17:27:15.367Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: sure, go ahead
[2018-12-04T17:27:23.341Z]	<bigbluehat>	dmitriz: we did a call recently about JWT
[2018-12-04T17:27:47.448Z]	<burn>	Verifiable Credentials, NOT Verifiable Claims :)
[2018-12-04T17:27:49.668Z]	<bigbluehat>	...there's a lot of interest in using existing JWT infrastructure to support DIDs and VCs
[2018-12-04T17:28:00.588Z]	<bigbluehat>	...the general consensus was that we're going to go for a mechanism
[2018-12-04T17:28:05.208Z]	<bigbluehat>	...where we can use any of these wrappers
[2018-12-04T17:28:10.928Z]	<bigbluehat>	...JWT, CWT, or future ones
[2018-12-04T17:28:19.189Z]	<bigbluehat>	...and then embed the full VC in the claims part of the token
[2018-12-04T17:28:34.168Z]	<bigbluehat>	...so, instead of mapping various attributes from JWT
[2018-12-04T17:28:48.649Z]	<bigbluehat>	...everyone on the call has expressed a commitment
[2018-12-04T17:29:02.631Z]	<bigbluehat>	...to sort of stuffing the entire VC into the claims portion of the JWT
[2018-12-04T17:29:16.332Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: so, whoever else was part of the community, feel free to add some agenda items
[2018-12-04T17:29:43.382Z]	<bigbluehat>	...create URLs, etc, to help people find how to use JWT, etc as these sorts of enveloping packages
[2018-12-04T17:29:43.422Z]	<jonnycrunch3>	q?
[2018-12-04T17:29:56.442Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack jonnycrunch3
[2018-12-04T17:29:56.982Z]	<bigbluehat>	dmitriz: does anyone have a link to those minutes?
[2018-12-04T17:30:26.468Z]	<bigbluehat>	jonnycrunch3: was this my issue we mentioned earlier? or something else?
[2018-12-04T17:30:41.173Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: I think we need to find if that's handled by this enveloping idea
[2018-12-04T17:30:54.269Z]	<bigbluehat>	jonnycrunch3: so, my issue was in the DID spec
[2018-12-04T17:31:06.212Z]	<bigbluehat>	...and in the VC data model spec
[2018-12-04T17:31:09.802Z]	<bigbluehat>	...I summarized it in my paper
[2018-12-04T17:31:13.143Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack Moses
[2018-12-04T17:31:17.989Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: we should probably discuss it in the CG and make a work item for it
[2018-12-04T17:31:47.171Z]	<burn>	JWT special call minutes: https://www.w3.org/2018/11/19-vcwg-minutes.html
[2018-12-04T17:31:47.668Z]	<Moses>	DID Monetization discussion/meeting is likely going to be held on Thursday December 13th at noon PST. Zoom conference, for 1 hour. Featuring Dr. Po Chi Wu. Sign up here: https://goo.gl/forms/2tKbmbi5cDQMUBaC2
[2018-12-04T17:32:00.907Z]	<bigbluehat>	Moses: hi all, sharing some call details
[2018-12-04T17:32:14.619Z]	<bigbluehat>	...I've also invited Christine Sandberg
[2018-12-04T17:32:34.621Z]	<bigbluehat>	...it should be a nice interesting call
[2018-12-04T17:32:40.230Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: great. there's a sign-up link
[2018-12-04T17:32:46.110Z]	<bigbluehat>	...in the future, there's an announcements repo
[2018-12-04T17:32:48.435Z]	<Moses>	Here's the time planning noodle: https://xoyondo.com/dp/2mYFAeCroNL9riZ And an initial list of possible business/revenue models: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XyfIb3p80YlgcT-cbPe-bDsTkd1KvYbAYcIw7X_OmJk/edit?usp=sharing
[2018-12-04T17:32:50.292Z]	<bigbluehat>	...where people can share things like that
[2018-12-04T17:32:59.488Z]	<bigbluehat>	...it'd help to give folks more advance to post those there
[2018-12-04T17:33:13.319Z]	<bigbluehat>	...it would help us so they always show up in the announcements section on these calls
[2018-12-04T17:33:24.588Z]	<bigbluehat>	...on to the meat of our discussions...
[2018-12-04T17:33:37.110Z]	<bigbluehat>	Topic: TAG charter review
[2018-12-04T17:33:56.222Z]	<Moses>	Okay, will enter a pull request...
[2018-12-04T17:33:56.788Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: the W3C's Technical Architecture Group (TAG) is charged with reviewing technical specifications and group charters
[2018-12-04T17:34:04.863Z]	<bigbluehat>	...they have a new methodology called an explainer
[2018-12-04T17:34:08.939Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JIWWs8YTWP83Hao5UXyrgpddYu9F0v8lGDUo0Usor10/edit
[2018-12-04T17:34:19.260Z]	<bigbluehat>	...because they weren't really satisfied with our primer
[2018-12-04T17:34:23.628Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we've begun that explainer
[2018-12-04T17:34:32.828Z]	<bigbluehat>	...there's a variety of thoughts from some folks
[2018-12-04T17:34:42.548Z]	<bigbluehat>	...I've linked to the google doc
[2018-12-04T17:34:53.929Z]	<bigbluehat>	....JoeAndrieu do you want to take it from here?
[2018-12-04T17:35:08.628Z]	<bigbluehat>	JoeAndrieu: if you've made edits and would like to present your work, please jump on the queue
[2018-12-04T17:35:19.669Z]	<bigbluehat>	...basically, we'd like to get through this document with some rough content
[2018-12-04T17:35:34.270Z]	<bigbluehat>	...once we've done with some of the work in the last week, we can discuss this more
[2018-12-04T17:35:56.511Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-12-04T17:36:00.738Z]	<rgrant>	As I recall, at the last meeting we left off looking for politically appropriate use cases.  Did we make progree on this?
[2018-12-04T17:36:14.768Z]	<jonnycrunch3>	q+
[2018-12-04T17:36:23.052Z]	<bigbluehat>	JoeAndrieu: maybe kimhd you have some examples?
[2018-12-04T17:36:25.409Z]	<samchase>	presnt+
[2018-12-04T17:36:45.210Z]	<bigbluehat>	...so, scenario 1 is an international student applicant
[2018-12-04T17:37:11.290Z]	<bigbluehat>	...the DID is first kept on a hardware wallet
[2018-12-04T17:37:19.802Z]	<bigbluehat>	...then a decade later, she shares that elsewhere
[2018-12-04T17:38:03.628Z]	<bigbluehat>	...the folks involved were able to verify the credential without direct contact with past employers and universities
[2018-12-04T17:38:28.673Z]	<bigbluehat>	...the TAG's explainer explainer did ask for code
[2018-12-04T17:38:48.730Z]	<bigbluehat>	...so I'm hoping to get a sample DID and VC into this explainer in place of code
[2018-12-04T17:39:03.551Z]	<rgrant>	Does Oxford need to sign a nonce to prove that they still stand by issuing Sally's diploma?  Do we have an offline-verifiable-credential already?
[2018-12-04T17:39:06.154Z]	<Moses>	Christopher, can you post the URL to the repository where you want a pull request for a new work item/meeting/project - announcements? issues?
[2018-12-04T17:39:17.015Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ ChristopherA
[2018-12-04T17:39:39.709Z]	<kimhd>	I'll mock up a VC for scenario 1
[2018-12-04T17:39:52.576Z]	<bigbluehat>	JoeAndrieu: so this was my write-up, and although it reaches beyond "just DIDs"
[2018-12-04T17:40:08.575Z]	<bigbluehat>	...I was able to fold in interesting scenarios showing that it helps remove the burden of authentication from the university
[2018-12-04T17:40:15.949Z]	<bigbluehat>	...or for them to even be involved in the loop to verify
[2018-12-04T17:40:22.988Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-12-04T17:40:25.171Z]	<bigbluehat>	...hopefully it highlights things accurately
[2018-12-04T17:40:50.637Z]	<bigbluehat>	jonnycrunch3: one concern is around non-goals
[2018-12-04T17:40:51.975Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack jonnycrunch3
[2018-12-04T17:41:10.633Z]	<bigbluehat>	...I understand this is the W3C which seems very married to HTTP and DNS
[2018-12-04T17:41:17.139Z]	<bigbluehat>	...and there are vulnerabilities in those protocols
[2018-12-04T17:41:24.395Z]	<dmitriz>	what particular vulnerability do you have in mind?
[2018-12-04T17:41:26.214Z]	<bigbluehat>	...so limiting this to just those protocols seems limiting
[2018-12-04T17:42:03.318Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-12-04T17:42:04.908Z]	<bigbluehat>	JoeAndrieu: the explainer doesn't ask for things that map to those concerns
[2018-12-04T17:42:08.909Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-12-04T17:42:10.570Z]	<bigbluehat>	...but I may just add them anyway
[2018-12-04T17:42:16.414Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: specific to this educational scenario
[2018-12-04T17:42:30.111Z]	<bigbluehat>	...it's probably important to mention that VC's may be wrapped in various proofs
[2018-12-04T17:42:36.757Z]	<bigbluehat>	...one for this usecase is a timestamp
[2018-12-04T17:42:55.899Z]	<bigbluehat>	...so that they know it was valid at the time of issuance
[2018-12-04T17:43:02.161Z]	<bigbluehat>	...but there might be 3 proofs
[2018-12-04T17:43:07.748Z]	<bigbluehat>	...a short term signature proof
[2018-12-04T17:43:12.338Z]	<bigbluehat>	...with an expiration on the signature
[2018-12-04T17:43:27.834Z]	<bigbluehat>	...that point might need to be in there somehow
[2018-12-04T17:43:44.412Z]	<bigbluehat>	JoeAndrieu: do you think timestamps are a unique selling points for DIDs?
[2018-12-04T17:43:55.268Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: I think one of the principles of DIDs however, is that we're part of an ecosystem
[2018-12-04T17:44:02.642Z]	<bigbluehat>	...you're talking about a VC here
[2018-12-04T17:44:08.538Z]	<bigbluehat>	...and that encodes those proofs
[2018-12-04T17:44:15.674Z]	<bigbluehat>	...you're right this isn't technically part of the DID spec
[2018-12-04T17:44:29.288Z]	<bigbluehat>	...but it does show that multiple proofs is part of our technology
[2018-12-04T17:44:36.219Z]	<bigbluehat>	JoeAndrieu: it's also not part of the VC spec
[2018-12-04T17:44:38.618Z]	<brentz>	q+ to say we need a DID use case independent of VCs
[2018-12-04T17:44:41.636Z]	<bigbluehat>	...timestamping is kind of its own thing
[2018-12-04T17:45:01.017Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-12-04T17:45:05.192Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: maybe we point that it may be a service offered or something...but we'll see
[2018-12-04T17:45:08.158Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack brentz
[2018-12-04T17:45:18.628Z]	<bigbluehat>	brentz: I just wanted to say we should have a very simple use case
[2018-12-04T17:45:23.719Z]	<bigbluehat>	...ideally one that doesn't involve VC
[2018-12-04T17:45:31.923Z]	<bigbluehat>	...something I can identify and resolve
[2018-12-04T17:45:42.828Z]	<bigbluehat>	...I'm not sure we're highlighting the best things that DIDs provide
[2018-12-04T17:45:44.493Z]	<jonnycrunch3>	"knows" from last year
[2018-12-04T17:45:46.592Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	q+
[2018-12-04T17:45:48.408Z]	<bigbluehat>	JoeAndrieu: what's a better use case?
[2018-12-04T17:45:52.959Z]	<bigbluehat>	brentz: maybe IoT?
[2018-12-04T17:45:57.478Z]	<bigbluehat>	...I'll work on one and suggest it
[2018-12-04T17:46:16.281Z]	<bigbluehat>	JoeAndrieu: if you could write something up, that would be great
[2018-12-04T17:46:17.582Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-12-04T17:46:19.016Z]	<bigbluehat>	...simpler is better
[2018-12-04T17:46:31.249Z]	<rgrant>	q+ prior art
[2018-12-04T17:46:36.358Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ ChristopherA
[2018-12-04T17:46:37.951Z]	<bigbluehat>	Drummond: I'd be happy to help also
[2018-12-04T17:46:45.137Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack markus_sabadello_
[2018-12-04T17:46:53.568Z]	<bigbluehat>	markus_sabadello_: the idea that was just mentioned
[2018-12-04T17:47:09.637Z]	<bigbluehat>	...that the DID can prove control of it prior to doing anything more
[2018-12-04T17:47:19.079Z]	<bigbluehat>	...that seems to be what people mean when they say DID Auth
[2018-12-04T17:47:24.894Z]	<bigbluehat>	...something as simple as single-sign on
[2018-12-04T17:47:32.359Z]	<bigbluehat>	...but this time with an identifier no one can take away from you
[2018-12-04T17:47:43.210Z]	<bigbluehat>	...and doesn't hard code the identity provider
[2018-12-04T17:47:54.034Z]	<bigbluehat>	JoeAndrieu: so, how would that be different than just WebAuthN
[2018-12-04T17:48:08.503Z]	<bigbluehat>	...one of the critiques is that DIDs aren't any different
[2018-12-04T17:48:18.002Z]	<bigbluehat>	markus_sabadello_: I could name a number of reasons
[2018-12-04T17:48:23.439Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we've already included them in our report
[2018-12-04T17:48:27.741Z]	<bigbluehat>	...do we want to go into that now?
[2018-12-04T17:48:30.850Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-12-04T17:48:40.000Z]	<jonnycrunch3>	WebAuthN isn't necessarily self-sovereign, need third party
[2018-12-04T17:48:41.936Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: I think that it's worth trying to find one
[2018-12-04T17:48:57.136Z]	<bigbluehat>	...but I admit to having a skepticism around sign-sign on or email signing
[2018-12-04T17:49:06.079Z]	<bigbluehat>	...because it connects us to lots of areas where folks will object
[2018-12-04T17:49:16.768Z]	<bigbluehat>	...the educational one doesn't currently have a contender in this space
[2018-12-04T17:49:29.402Z]	<bigbluehat>	...so it's less likely to be contentious
[2018-12-04T17:49:38.442Z]	<bigbluehat>	...maybe rotating a TOFU would be interesting
[2018-12-04T17:49:43.236Z]	<bigbluehat>	...but short of that, we hit other things
[2018-12-04T17:49:56.691Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-12-04T17:49:58.418Z]	<bigbluehat>	JoeAndrieu: TOFU == Trust on First Use
[2018-12-04T17:50:00.993Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	with DID Auth you can change the authentication method (key pair, password, biometrics, whatever) without changing the identifier.
[2018-12-04T17:50:05.175Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack rgrant
[2018-12-04T17:50:21.673Z]	<bigbluehat>	rgrant: can someone remind me where our past use case work is?
[2018-12-04T17:50:26.619Z]	<bigbluehat>	...I feel like we did lots of this previously
[2018-12-04T17:50:34.632Z]	<bigbluehat>	JoeAndrieu: yeah, I'll look those up
[2018-12-04T17:50:37.856Z]	<heathervescent>	There were like ~20 use cases in that document.
[2018-12-04T17:50:39.362Z]	<rgrant>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wz8sakevXzO2OSMP341w7M2LjAMZfEQaTQEm_AOs3_Q/edit
[2018-12-04T17:50:41.757Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we came up with 10-12 DID focal use cases
[2018-12-04T17:50:49.672Z]	<bigbluehat>	...it was sent to the TAG
[2018-12-04T17:50:53.522Z]	<bigbluehat>	...and our proposed charter
[2018-12-04T17:51:04.552Z]	<bigbluehat>	...but folks didn't find it compelling enough to replace the explainer
[2018-12-04T17:51:11.002Z]	<bigbluehat>	rgrant: I just dropped the link I found in the notes
[2018-12-04T17:51:20.041Z]	<bigbluehat>	...it would be interesting to know what of those were not compelling
[2018-12-04T17:51:24.402Z]	<bigbluehat>	...and share that feedback with the group
[2018-12-04T17:51:28.828Z]	<heathervescent>	It wasn't clear what the next step was with that document. We could do a group survey/analysis of those use cases/
[2018-12-04T17:51:57.860Z]	<bigbluehat>	JoeAndrieu: some of it was just "I don't care about use case X" and they moved on
[2018-12-04T17:52:01.181Z]	<heathervescent>	q+
[2018-12-04T17:52:08.758Z]	<bigbluehat>	...the stuff in there isn't sorted at all either; just very raw input
[2018-12-04T17:52:09.088Z]	<samchase>	q+
[2018-12-04T17:52:12.339Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-12-04T17:52:19.980Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack heathervescent
[2018-12-04T17:52:38.499Z]	<bigbluehat>	heathervescent: I was confused by the origin of the use cases in the explainer document
[2018-12-04T17:52:48.009Z]	<bigbluehat>	...I wondered why we didn't use stuff from Ryan's work
[2018-12-04T17:52:53.030Z]	<bigbluehat>	...lots of people contributed to that
[2018-12-04T17:53:07.620Z]	<bigbluehat>	...as a recovering Silicon Valley product manager
[2018-12-04T17:53:13.695Z]	<bigbluehat>	...I'd want to do analysis on these uses cases
[2018-12-04T17:53:26.239Z]	<bigbluehat>	...to sort out which seems most appropriate and strongest for this audience
[2018-12-04T17:53:28.034Z]	<rgrant>	I think the thing missing is principles of politically desirable use cases.
[2018-12-04T17:53:36.889Z]	<bigbluehat>	...in order to make the case with W3C management
[2018-12-04T17:53:49.835Z]	<bigbluehat>	...the easiest thing you could do is a survey
[2018-12-04T17:53:54.401Z]	<samchase>	q-
[2018-12-04T17:53:57.109Z]	<bigbluehat>	...getting feedback on the various use cases
[2018-12-04T17:54:16.159Z]	<bigbluehat>	...to help understand and categorize these
[2018-12-04T17:54:24.799Z]	<bigbluehat>	...to see which actually resonates with the community
[2018-12-04T17:54:28.889Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we had a lot of contribution
[2018-12-04T17:54:30.182Z]	<samchase>	agree with heather, we should score those use cases, combine all other docs and rate and order them
[2018-12-04T17:54:37.970Z]	<bigbluehat>	...but it lacked quantitative feedback
[2018-12-04T17:54:47.108Z]	<samchase>	that doc was the reason i joined and I would happily update it
[2018-12-04T17:54:52.617Z]	<samchase>	as I'm sure others would
[2018-12-04T17:55:15.059Z]	<bigbluehat>	JoeAndrieu: to reflect the process that got us here
[2018-12-04T17:55:22.422Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we did present those other use cases to W3M
[2018-12-04T17:55:40.781Z]	<bigbluehat>	...and as a result to that feedback, we kicked off discussions around DIDs Unique Selling Proposition
[2018-12-04T17:55:47.568Z]	<heathervescent>	Ok. The results of that feedback wasn't clearly communicated back to this group.
[2018-12-04T17:55:51.798Z]	<bigbluehat>	...what are the pain points which DIDs uniquely solve
[2018-12-04T17:55:57.635Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we've discussed this for the last several weeks
[2018-12-04T17:56:12.859Z]	<bigbluehat>	...and what's currently in the explainer is an attempt to focus on the Unique Selling Proposition
[2018-12-04T17:56:20.157Z]	<bigbluehat>	...and narrow that to a few scenarios
[2018-12-04T17:56:22.452Z]	<bigbluehat>	...to make that case
[2018-12-04T17:56:27.218Z]	<bigbluehat>	...that's how we got here
[2018-12-04T17:56:35.061Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we had some great discussions in the last couple weeks
[2018-12-04T17:56:40.574Z]	<bigbluehat>	...that highlighted some of these USPs
[2018-12-04T17:56:48.038Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-12-04T17:56:51.913Z]	<bigbluehat>	...like "no one wants to manage their credentials"
[2018-12-04T17:56:55.312Z]	<samchase>	why don't we add our newthoughts and feedback to the top of the doc
[2018-12-04T17:57:01.388Z]	<bigbluehat>	ChristopherA: so. we still want to continue exploring use cases
[2018-12-04T17:57:05.077Z]	<bigbluehat>	...refine them, add to them, etc.
[2018-12-04T17:57:12.242Z]	<bigbluehat>	...the difference with the explainer
[2018-12-04T17:57:19.008Z]	<samchase>	and encourage everyone to go back and clean those up
[2018-12-04T17:57:24.497Z]	<bigbluehat>	...the explainer specifically is under a time constraint
[2018-12-04T17:57:29.599Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we really wanted it out last week
[2018-12-04T17:57:51.848Z]	<bigbluehat>	...the TAG wanted to know specifically why DIDs were different/better than existing specs/approaches like WebAuthN
[2018-12-04T17:58:06.118Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we needed to lead with something they'd understand relative to other things they're evaluating
[2018-12-04T17:58:14.637Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we now have a very specific audience we're trying to appeal to
[2018-12-04T17:58:19.793Z]	<rgrant>	This is the first time I've heard that we should be making a list of features that we have that webauthn doesn't have.  That's annoying.
[2018-12-04T17:58:19.848Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-12-04T17:58:22.708Z]	<achughes>	are these the major value points of DIDs?
[2018-12-04T17:58:25.599Z]	<bigbluehat>	...that, I believe, is how we ended up on this educational scenario
[2018-12-04T17:58:27.373Z]	<achughes>	* DID are self-issued identifiers
[2018-12-04T17:58:27.954Z]	<achughes>	* DID use cryptographic proofs to demonstrate the ‘owner/controller’
[2018-12-04T17:58:29.468Z]	<achughes>	* DID cannot be ‘cancelled’ by an authority
[2018-12-04T17:58:30.959Z]	<achughes>	* DID make key rotation possible (the ‘identifier' part is separate from the 'cryptographic proof' part)
[2018-12-04T17:58:32.208Z]	<achughes>	* DID are resolvable
[2018-12-04T17:58:33.209Z]	<achughes>	* DID can be directly used and referenced in any DLT (by writing a new DID method)
[2018-12-04T17:58:33.968Z]	<achughes>	*
[2018-12-04T17:58:36.652Z]	<bigbluehat>	...where it would seem like a first for the TAG
[2018-12-04T17:59:00.202Z]	<samchase>	q+
[2018-12-04T17:59:00.657Z]	<bigbluehat>	JoeAndrieu: so. we're running out of time
[2018-12-04T17:59:01.541Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-12-04T17:59:05.237Z]	<bigbluehat>	...samchase if you'd like to chime in
[2018-12-04T17:59:06.698Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack samchase
[2018-12-04T17:59:19.876Z]	<bigbluehat>	samchase: we're working to get our pilot off the ground
[2018-12-04T17:59:33.018Z]	<bigbluehat>	...if we're going to work back from that document
[2018-12-04T17:59:47.090Z]	<bigbluehat>	...basically I think the main point is letting someone have not just single sign-on
[2018-12-04T17:59:55.257Z]	<bigbluehat>	...but also carry their preferences with them
[2018-12-04T18:00:11.522Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-12-04T18:00:20.833Z]	<bigbluehat>	...and in that scenario, you make data brokers become separate from identifying entities
[2018-12-04T18:00:28.580Z]	<bigbluehat>	...just giving people over the tagging of their data
[2018-12-04T18:00:35.859Z]	<bigbluehat>	...so when they give it to you they're confident
[2018-12-04T18:00:44.372Z]	<bigbluehat>	...I'd love to help, but sadly I'm really swamped before the holidays
[2018-12-04T18:00:49.121Z]	<bigbluehat>	JoeAndrieu: we are a bit under the gun
[2018-12-04T18:00:53.077Z]	<bigbluehat>	...next week are 2 events
[2018-12-04T18:01:02.738Z]	<bigbluehat>	...those in attendance will be reviewing this doc
[2018-12-04T18:01:07.768Z]	<samchase>	I'll type something up today thanks for the fire under my butt
[2018-12-04T18:01:12.467Z]	<bigbluehat>	...and getting a lot of feedback from WebID, WebAuthN folks
[2018-12-04T18:01:24.323Z]	<Moses>	Christopher or Joe, did I do this right and in the right place? https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/40
[2018-12-04T18:01:27.841Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we're doing all this to support the charter activity
[2018-12-04T18:01:31.268Z]	<bigbluehat>	...which is also under the gun
[2018-12-04T18:01:47.167Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we've got a train that's moving forward and we'd like you to hop on samchase if you can
[2018-12-04T18:01:51.458Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-12-04T18:01:52.935Z]	<bigbluehat>	...we're a little bit after the hour
[2018-12-04T18:02:03.799Z]	<bigbluehat>	...ok, no meeting next week
[2018-12-04T18:02:10.335Z]	<bigbluehat>	...see you 2 weeks from now
[2018-12-04T18:02:11.609Z]	<Moses>	Thanks and bye folks
