[2019-08-15T20:02:42.963Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2019-08-15T20:02:59.100Z]	<bbarnhill>	present+
[2019-08-15T20:03:13.422Z]	<denjell>	present+
[2019-08-15T20:03:43.363Z]	<agropper>	present+
[2019-08-15T20:04:58.248Z]	<ken>	present+
[2019-08-15T20:05:02.909Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2019-08-15T20:05:26.372Z]	<agropper>	I cannot scribe today because I am lame
[2019-08-15T20:07:16.370Z]	<Justin_R>	present+
[2019-08-15T20:08:00.601Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2019-08-15T20:08:49.034Z]	<denjell>	This is my second time here, I'll watch and volunteer in the future.
[2019-08-15T20:09:16.533Z]	<dlongley>	scribe: ken
[2019-08-15T20:09:53.549Z]	<ken>	markus: 7 day review period within CCG has started for the DID specification.
[2019-08-15T20:10:21.250Z]	<ken>	... After that the spec will be transferred to the DID WG we hope will be created.
[2019-08-15T20:10:59.890Z]	<ken>	... Please comment and express support for the charter.
[2019-08-15T20:11:01.613Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q?
[2019-08-15T20:12:16.298Z]	<ken>	christopher: the call for comments is closed. In particular W3C is looking for support from large corporations.
[2019-08-15T20:12:43.346Z]	<ken>	markus_sabadello: Not all issues or PRs were closed; they will flow over into the DID WG.
[2019-08-15T20:13:23.222Z]	<ken>	... Manu has some additional recommendations
[2019-08-15T20:14:16.287Z]	<ken>	manu: For people who are planning to participate in the DID WG: Our first meeting will be at TPAC in Japan in about 4 weeks.
[2019-08-15T20:15:47.076Z]	<ken>	... We have done tremendous work to prepare the specification and charter. Sometimes during the first few months of the WG a large company might introduce a competing proposal.
[2019-08-15T20:16:03.757Z]	<ken>	... This happened in the Web Payments WG.
[2019-08-15T20:17:51.585Z]	<ken>	dlongley: The large companies suggested that the community spec and counterproposal be brought together.
[2019-08-15T20:18:06.033Z]	<ken>	... In the end, the community work was ignored.
[2019-08-15T20:18:20.689Z]	<SamuelMSmith>	+1 similar thing happened in CEA/EIA standard group I worked on
[2019-08-15T20:18:34.895Z]	<denjell>	yes please
[2019-08-15T20:18:47.570Z]	<ken>	... Establishing the existing community group spec as the basis is important.
[2019-08-15T20:19:24.838Z]	<ken>	manu: The extensibility portions were not supported.
[2019-08-15T20:19:52.648Z]	<ken>	... Samsung pushed for extensibility, but it never made into all the browsers.
[2019-08-15T20:19:58.153Z]	<Justin_R>	q+ to discuss extensibility and considerations
[2019-08-15T20:20:31.711Z]	<ken>	... We need to ensure that we have sufficient participants to push forward the community work that we have already accomplished.
[2019-08-15T20:21:33.438Z]	<ken>	ChristopherA: We have an open participation model, but the WGs requirement W3C membership.
[2019-08-15T20:22:08.537Z]	<ken>	... If you are independent consider getting a sponsor for membership.
[2019-08-15T20:23:17.218Z]	<ken>	Justin_R: I wanted to point out that it doesn't need to be a large company to force a proprietary view on the specification.
[2019-08-15T20:23:48.229Z]	<ken>	... We need to be careful to be clear about how interop will be defined.
[2019-08-15T20:23:50.306Z]	<manu>	+1 to Justin_R
[2019-08-15T20:23:57.046Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2019-08-15T20:24:33.511Z]	<ken>	... I have pushed for specific language in the charter that is important to me.
[2019-08-15T20:24:54.464Z]	<manu>	Yes, very much agreed.
[2019-08-15T20:25:00.389Z]	<ken>	... We need to keep in mind what interop means for our spec.
[2019-08-15T20:25:25.223Z]	<ken>	... Some dragons are shaped differently.
[2019-08-15T20:25:36.370Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q?
[2019-08-15T20:25:43.519Z]	<Justin_R>	ack Justin_R
[2019-08-15T20:25:47.517Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack Justin_R
[2019-08-15T20:25:47.822Z]	<Justin_R>	ack agropper
[2019-08-15T20:25:47.926Z]	<manu>	q+ burn
[2019-08-15T20:26:07.788Z]	<ken>	... If sovrin can only talk to sovrin, and veres1 can only talk to veres1, that is a loss.
[2019-08-15T20:26:29.959Z]	<SamuelMSmith>	q
[2019-08-15T20:26:48.598Z]	<ken>	agropper: Where is the conversation regarding decentralization rubrics going to happen?
[2019-08-15T20:26:53.158Z]	<manu>	q+ SamuelMSmith
[2019-08-15T20:27:23.612Z]	<ken>	Justin_R: That conversation has helped move things forward. They are a guide to what and why we are trying to do.
[2019-08-15T20:27:32.675Z]	<manu>	q+ to answer agropper -- DID Rubrics are in the DID WG Charter
[2019-08-15T20:27:37.023Z]	<ken>	agropper: I want us to be clear about it.
[2019-08-15T20:27:38.802Z]	<SamuelMSmith>	q-
[2019-08-15T20:28:05.975Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2019-08-15T20:28:09.772Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2019-08-15T20:28:54.740Z]	<denjell>	q+
[2019-08-15T20:29:17.987Z]	<ken>	manu: To answer Adrian's question, the DID WG will produce the rubrics. Anyone can view the documents, raise issues on github even if not a member.
[2019-08-15T20:29:24.305Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack burn
[2019-08-15T20:29:43.196Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack denjell
[2019-08-15T20:30:39.773Z]	<ken>	denjell: I wanted to mention with regard to hardening the work, that we are requiring use of cryptographic strategies. Some wild methods could be introduced.
[2019-08-15T20:31:23.074Z]	<manu>	yep, out of scope
[2019-08-15T20:31:23.121Z]	<ken>	markus_sabadello: The W3C IPR can help with some of that.
[2019-08-15T20:31:46.327Z]	<manu>	and yes, the IPR policy prevents patented things from members participating being put into the work (without knowing about it)
[2019-08-15T20:31:46.476Z]	<ken>	q+
[2019-08-15T20:31:58.214Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack ken
[2019-08-15T20:32:08.137Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-08-15T20:32:17.915Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ken: how does one indicate interest in participating in the w3c working group, if they are not a member?
[2019-08-15T20:32:20.188Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack manu
[2019-08-15T20:32:36.996Z]	<ken>	ken: How does one express interest in participating in the WG or following its work.
[2019-08-15T20:32:38.358Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ to when you get the agenda item on audit trail to point people to https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/btcr-hackathon-2019/issues/9
[2019-08-15T20:33:10.428Z]	<ken>	manu: github will be created, mailing list to follow.
[2019-08-15T20:33:30.449Z]	<ken>	manu: Add github issues.
[2019-08-15T20:34:03.251Z]	<ken>	... If you have skills or expertise, the chairs can invite you as an expert.
[2019-08-15T20:34:38.395Z]	<ken>	... The chances are lower to be selected, unless you have a unique or specialized expertise.
[2019-08-15T20:35:23.376Z]	<ken>	... W3C has a low ratio of invited experts. Fill out the form if you are interested.
[2019-08-15T20:36:04.637Z]	<ken>	markus_sabadello: Robo-speak
[2019-08-15T20:37:17.764Z]	<ken>	... Let's focus again on DID Resolution, now that the work on the DID specification is complete.
[2019-08-15T20:37:35.039Z]	<ken>	... We are now working on implementations of DID resolution.
[2019-08-15T20:37:53.697Z]	<ken>	Topic: DID Resolution Result
[2019-08-15T20:38:30.847Z]	<ken>	markus_sabadello: When we resolve a DID we get a DID Doc. There could be a higher level contruct: the DID result.
[2019-08-15T20:39:04.540Z]	<ken>	... You could get back a DID doc, or you could get a method independent set of meta data.
[2019-08-15T20:39:27.023Z]	<ken>	... Method specific meta data could also be returned.
[2019-08-15T20:39:38.530Z]	<SamuelMSmith>	q+
[2019-08-15T20:39:45.106Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-08-15T20:39:45.552Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/btcr-hackathon-2019/issues/9
[2019-08-15T20:39:54.713Z]	<ken>	... Last week we had some work on a BTCR hackathon.
[2019-08-15T20:40:36.360Z]	<ken>	ChristopherA: BTCR is one of the oldest methods. Early on we put too much into the DID doc.
[2019-08-15T20:40:53.706Z]	<ken>	... We later realized that this could be returned by the resolver.
[2019-08-15T20:41:22.461Z]	<ken>	... There is also a web ledger context that had some of the schema for standardization.
[2019-08-15T20:41:46.287Z]	<ken>	... I tried to identify what items were relevant to establishing trust.
[2019-08-15T20:42:04.694Z]	<manu>	q+ to mention webledger and potential additions to it... that might help DID Resolution spec as well.
[2019-08-15T20:42:27.749Z]	<ken>	... Markus' resolver also had some ideas.
[2019-08-15T20:43:30.607Z]	<ken>	... If this audit trail becomes part of the proof trail, we would have to put a lot of work into the definition of the data.
[2019-08-15T20:43:52.094Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack SamuelMSmith
[2019-08-15T20:43:53.429Z]	<ken>	... This is an interesting problem set that the community should be aware of.
[2019-08-15T20:44:54.552Z]	<ChristopherA>	+q to say that peer DIDs actually require even more support from the DID resolver for audit trail
[2019-08-15T20:44:56.895Z]	<ken>	SamuelMSmith: I think we have a spectrum of did usage, from peer-did on up. Anything that is not the bare minimum causes the resovlers to become complex and slow.
[2019-08-15T20:45:14.414Z]	<dlongley>	q+ ChristopherA
[2019-08-15T20:45:18.413Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ o say that peer DIDs actually require even more support from the DID resolver for audit trail
[2019-08-15T20:45:25.527Z]	<ken>	... Perhaps and optional query to satisfies the more complex meta data needs.
[2019-08-15T20:45:48.028Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack manu
[2019-08-15T20:45:50.099Z]	<ken>	... This avoids loading all calls with the extra information.
[2019-08-15T20:46:03.638Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-08-15T20:46:15.000Z]	<ken>	manu: We don't want heavy loads on calls.
[2019-08-15T20:46:34.411Z]	<ken>	... I wanted to talk about how we could express that information.
[2019-08-15T20:46:42.695Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://w3id.org/webledger/v1
[2019-08-15T20:47:06.517Z]	<ken>	... Most of the ledgers have block height, txn ids. The goal is to discover what is common.
[2019-08-15T20:47:23.646Z]	<denjell>	Is this known and potentially useful? https://protocol.ai/projects/#Multiformats
[2019-08-15T20:47:36.842Z]	<ken>	... I wonder if we could look at etherium and BTCR to discover commonalities.
[2019-08-15T20:47:39.548Z]	<SamuelMSmith>	web ledgers are not common across all usages of DID only heavy weight DIDs I disagree with that assumption
[2019-08-15T20:48:10.724Z]	<ken>	... Where the ledgers have a lighter need, fewer parameters could be returned.
[2019-08-15T20:48:34.124Z]	<SamuelMSmith>	q+
[2019-08-15T20:48:36.137Z]	<ken>	... Are we talking about proving and resolution?
[2019-08-15T20:48:56.410Z]	<ken>	markus_sabadello: I would like discuss this.
[2019-08-15T20:49:22.683Z]	<ken>	... Is there data external to the did doc specific to the method?
[2019-08-15T20:49:44.528Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-08-15T20:50:35.186Z]	<ken>	manu: One option is to have a proof attached to it. A did doc would use the audit trail for its proof.
[2019-08-15T20:50:58.544Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-08-15T20:51:02.944Z]	<ken>	... For peer methods you could use the same format that the resolver returns.
[2019-08-15T20:51:03.450Z]	<dlongley>	i.e., resolver could add a `proof` to the DID Document before returning it.
[2019-08-15T20:51:21.518Z]	<ken>	ChristopherA: There are many variants to this.
[2019-08-15T20:51:51.056Z]	<ken>	... Is there a time stamp for proof of origin?
[2019-08-15T20:52:01.919Z]	<ken>	... When was the did established.
[2019-08-15T20:52:12.269Z]	<bbarnhill>	q+ Regarding verifiable claims and Satoshi audit transactions
[2019-08-15T20:52:24.259Z]	<ken>	... There are things that are ledger specific.
[2019-08-15T20:52:52.104Z]	<ken>	... Some are method specific. Others related to proofs in a verifiable credential.
[2019-08-15T20:53:42.939Z]	<ken>	... Some of this gets very complex. Especially for peer dids, there are services from the resolver that might be needed for a vc to be fully trusted.
[2019-08-15T20:53:53.437Z]	<SamuelMSmith>	+1
[2019-08-15T20:53:57.951Z]	<manu>	q+ to note that he wasn't suggesting the VC proof verifier...
[2019-08-15T20:53:59.235Z]	<SamuelMSmith>	@chris
[2019-08-15T20:54:06.649Z]	<ken>	... This becomes more of a vc verifier beyond a did resolver.
[2019-08-15T20:54:35.613Z]	<ken>	markus_sabadello: Both make sense. External meta data that the resolver can use to return info.
[2019-08-15T20:55:24.298Z]	<ken>	... Using the proof section from the did document. The did doc is to describe the did. Are state proofs more about the subject that the did?
[2019-08-15T20:55:28.194Z]	<SamuelMSmith>	+1
[2019-08-15T20:55:34.993Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-08-15T20:56:06.035Z]	<ken>	SamuelMSmith: I think both methods are valid and seperate concerns.
[2019-08-15T20:56:22.034Z]	<manu>	q-
[2019-08-15T20:56:44.222Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-08-15T20:56:48.608Z]	<ken>	... The optional did proof can be used by the did controller in a heavy method to establish trust.
[2019-08-15T20:57:13.153Z]	<ken>	... Lightweight methods don't have to provide that data.
[2019-08-15T20:57:34.373Z]	<ken>	... It makes it easier for implementors to get started.
[2019-08-15T20:57:46.263Z]	<dlongley>	+1 to not requiring extra heavy process that isn't always necessary... just a question about how to best accomplish that.
[2019-08-15T20:58:20.215Z]	<ken>	bbarnhill: Would it make sense for each transaction to be viewed as a vc? A reference to an external document, perhaps?
[2019-08-15T20:58:27.426Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+
[2019-08-15T20:58:31.818Z]	<dlongley>	q?
[2019-08-15T20:58:41.692Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack SamuelMSmith
[2019-08-15T20:59:29.914Z]	<ken>	markus_sabadello: I that vc could be returned in part. The resolver could become a VC issuer regarding the resolution.
[2019-08-15T20:59:37.845Z]	<dlongley>	+1 that VCs could be used here for making assertions (and if any assertions like that are made then VCs are recommended) ... but not necessarily required here.
[2019-08-15T21:00:39.846Z]	<ken>	bbarnhill: Can you group VCs? If so, can you specify that the claims are in a separate document?
[2019-08-15T21:01:15.472Z]	<ken>	markus_sabadello: Grouping of VCs is possible.
[2019-08-15T21:01:21.748Z]	<SamuelMSmith>	My concern is that did resolution is essential to bootstrapping verifying credentials and making verifiable credial part of the bootstrapping could create recursive complications
[2019-08-15T21:01:35.426Z]	<SamuelMSmith>	We need someway to bootstrap
[2019-08-15T21:01:38.686Z]	<ken>	... You could also point to an external URL that describes the resolution process.
[2019-08-15T21:02:12.794Z]	<ken>	... I agree with Sam that this is not an either/or proposition. Sometimes both make sense.
[2019-08-15T21:02:39.467Z]	<ken>	... We need to consider the differences between light and heavy methods.
[2019-08-15T21:03:20.739Z]	<ken>	... We should standardize parts that can be utilized by multiple methods.
[2019-08-15T21:04:03.302Z]	<SamuelMSmith>	+1 to input option to specify the resolution result
[2019-08-15T21:04:10.581Z]	<ken>	... The default should exist with optional extensions.
[2019-08-15T21:04:16.316Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q?
[2019-08-15T21:04:20.680Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack bbarnhill
[2019-08-15T21:04:30.200Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-08-15T21:04:36.506Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack jonathan_holt
[2019-08-15T21:05:14.736Z]	<ken>	jonathan_holt: We talked about signing proofs on retrieval. Who is the issuer of the proof? Would decides who is a qualified resolver.
[2019-08-15T21:05:27.239Z]	<SamuelMSmith>	+1 bootstrapping trust is a problem so
[2019-08-15T21:05:29.279Z]	<ken>	... I don't think that will work.
[2019-08-15T21:06:09.387Z]	<ken>	markus_sabadello: Proofs don't need an issuer. The data structure for BTCR does not have an issuers, just a proof.
[2019-08-15T21:06:43.191Z]	<ChristopherA>	In a sense, the bitcoin blockchain is the issuer, signed by the miners.
[2019-08-15T21:06:45.934Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q?
[2019-08-15T21:06:48.329Z]	<ken>	jonathan_holt: I am trusting your algorithm. Are you signing the proof? How do I establish trust?
[2019-08-15T21:07:02.814Z]	<ChristopherA>	Then the resolver then co-signs it.
[2019-08-15T21:07:21.892Z]	<ChristopherA>	There was a point were BTCR DID documents were a VC.
[2019-08-15T21:07:30.507Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-08-15T21:07:41.824Z]	<ken>	SamuelMSmith: The VC standard assumes certain terminology. I think that trying to apply VCs to resolution proofs complicates the issue.
[2019-08-15T21:08:35.013Z]	<ken>	markus_sabadello: I agree. Early on there was a proposal that every claim including did doc retrieval carry a VC. That was overkill.
[2019-08-15T21:09:01.777Z]	<ken>	... External resolver services may need to add a signature, but not necessarily a VC.
[2019-08-15T21:09:22.077Z]	<ken>	... When you host your own resolver, the needs are different.
[2019-08-15T21:09:42.575Z]	<ken>	... A resolver could add a "proof" to a did doc.
[2019-08-15T21:09:49.946Z]	<ken>	... This needs more work.
[2019-08-15T21:10:19.358Z]	<ken>	q+
[2019-08-15T21:10:21.651Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-08-15T21:10:32.429Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-08-15T21:10:34.018Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack ken
[2019-08-15T21:10:58.926Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-08-15T21:11:33.657Z]	<ken>	ken: Using a VC to sign the returned value of a did doc turns into a recursive problem that is overly complicated for the use case.
[2019-08-15T21:12:30.535Z]	<ken>	ChristopherA: A separate call might be useful to discuss how an app can make decisions regarding the validity for the app's use-case of a VC.
[2019-08-15T21:12:34.090Z]	<SamuelMSmith>	https://arxiv.org/abs/1907.02143
[2019-08-15T21:13:29.031Z]	<ken>	... I think conflating this into the did resolver is incorrect. This did resolver should be only helping with the issue of deciding the validity of the did doc.
[2019-08-15T21:14:02.428Z]	<ken>	SamuelMSmith: The resolver should be a mechanism along the path to the final result.
[2019-08-15T21:14:49.650Z]	<denjell>	+1 for not building a superhammer
[2019-08-15T21:14:52.977Z]	<ken>	... Any mechanism that adds the ability to answer the questions external to the resolver can be used without overloading the resolver.
[2019-08-15T21:15:07.978Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 on no superhammer.
[2019-08-15T21:15:09.515Z]	<ken>	... Additional tools might be more appropriate.
[2019-08-15T21:15:47.806Z]	<ChristopherA>	I'm already concerned DID Resolver spec may already be doing too much, and that another layer is needed for some items.
[2019-08-15T21:16:02.812Z]	<ken>	markus_sabadello: A client would have all the info it needs. Other methods could provide the proving.
[2019-08-15T21:16:21.499Z]	<denjell>	Brilliant commentary
[2019-08-15T21:16:30.790Z]	<ken>	SamuelMSmith: The resolver doesn't provide the answer, it provides the data and the indirection.
[2019-08-15T21:17:15.647Z]	<ken>	Topic: DID URLs
[2019-08-15T21:17:57.470Z]	<ChristopherA>	I like some the DID URL stuff, and certain like the optionality, but a lot of it feels should be ignored by the resolver. Different layer.
[2019-08-15T21:18:11.229Z]	<ken>	markus_sabadello: We have many parts to the DID URL. This early version distinguishes between:
[2019-08-15T21:18:18.206Z]	<ken>	... 1. DID only
[2019-08-15T21:18:31.372Z]	<ken>	... 2. DID with query
[2019-08-15T21:18:43.360Z]	<ken>	... 3. DID with matrix parameters.
[2019-08-15T21:18:56.430Z]	<ChristopherA>	Does anyone have a clue of what that is called in the http web browser world? the query parameters are done by the browser, not by http
[2019-08-15T21:19:44.673Z]	<ken>	ChristopherA: We can summarize this issue for later discussion. We won't be able to resolve this today.
[2019-08-15T21:19:45.394Z]	<markus_sabadello>	2. DID with fragment (not query)
[2019-08-15T21:20:24.683Z]	<ken>	markus_sabadello: Summarize and we discuss further next week.
[2019-08-15T21:20:59.132Z]	<ken>	ChristopherA: The idea is not to repurpose the query or fragment.
[2019-08-15T21:21:45.047Z]	<ken>	SamuelMSmith: This gives us a basis for reasoning about DIDs because they don't vary from common understanding of URIs.
[2019-08-15T21:22:28.127Z]	<ken>	... The opposite is defined in the spec if we don't have a predefined usage. The did is thrown away.
[2019-08-15T21:23:12.295Z]	<ken>	... The resolver should return the did doc, check for optional cases and at a minumum return the did doc.
[2019-08-15T21:23:32.971Z]	<ken>	... Special case: return a service endpoint.
[2019-08-15T21:23:44.030Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q?
[2019-08-15T21:23:47.776Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-08-15T21:24:00.737Z]	<ken>	... Matrix parameters create special cases.
[2019-08-15T21:24:45.444Z]	<burn>	q+ to remind Sam about difference between resolution and dereferencing
[2019-08-15T21:24:50.383Z]	<ken>	... Fragment requires parsing to the end of the string. The did fragment identifier should refer to the did doc.
[2019-08-15T21:25:31.173Z]	<ken>	... If the path is missing, the fragment should apply to the did doc.
[2019-08-15T21:26:05.568Z]	<ken>	... I think this simplifies the DID resolution with regard to queries, fragments and paths.
[2019-08-15T21:26:52.081Z]	<ken>	markus_sabadello: I think the text is not well written, but the intent is not far off.
[2019-08-15T21:27:19.750Z]	<ken>	SamuelMSmith: I had a use case that prompted me to dig deeper into the resolution spec.
[2019-08-15T21:27:46.413Z]	<ken>	... It might help to discuss this in more detail due to unnecessary ambiguity.
[2019-08-15T21:27:46.937Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q?
[2019-08-15T21:27:52.427Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-08-15T21:28:18.671Z]	<ken>	... Particularly read resolution needs to be light and fast.
[2019-08-15T21:29:04.404Z]	<ken>	markus_sabadello: I think we need to rearrange the text and clarify what happens when an un-specified use case is encountered.
[2019-08-15T21:29:24.816Z]	<ken>	SamuelMSmith: I think the MUST in 4.7 is too strong.
[2019-08-15T21:29:34.462Z]	<ken>	markus_sabadello: I will review.
[2019-08-15T21:29:43.511Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q?
[2019-08-15T21:29:46.391Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ack burn
[2019-08-15T21:29:51.300Z]	<ken>	burn: Thanks for the commment, Sam.
[2019-08-15T21:30:39.868Z]	<ken>	... I think it is critical to distinguish between resolution and dereferencing.
[2019-08-15T21:31:12.917Z]	<ken>	... Your use cases are part of what we originally intended as the spec was written.
[2019-08-15T21:31:23.347Z]	<ken>	markus_sabadello: We are out of time.
[2019-08-15T21:32:09.412Z]	<denjell>	I just wanted to say thankyou to everyone here. It was brilliant and I understand things better!
[2019-08-15T21:32:18.307Z]	<ken>	SamuelMSmith: I would like to clarify this to be precise. Did resolvers need to be sufficiently contrained to operate correctly.
