[Tue 11:05:54] <manu>	scribe: manu
[Tue 11:06:27] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Feb/0042.html
[Tue 11:06:55] <manu>	stone: Light agenda today, IMS Badge Summit is tomorrow.
[Tue 11:07:00] <manu>	stone: Any additions to Agenda?
[Tue 11:07:15] *	JoeAndrieu has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:07:18] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to Kim Duffy from BlockCerts
[Tue 11:08:15] <manu>	duffy: Hi Kim Duffy from BlockCerts, we're building a Blockchain verification extension to Open Badges, that led me to Verifiable Claims. I've also been interested in other initiatives that this gorup is involved in, like Proof of Publication, identity profile model. I wanted to become a more active lurker. Hear about updates.
[Tue 11:08:19] *	manu welcome Kim!
[Tue 11:08:22] <manu>	q+
[Tue 11:08:24] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:08:28] *	dlongley welcome Kim!
[Tue 11:09:34] <dlongley>	manu: Kim had some pretty interesting use cases that we've been discussing offline and maybe Kim and I can coordinate this week and get some clarity around the use case and put it forward to the group so we can have some discussion. The plan being introducing it to the group here, hash it out as a VC and then take it to the RWoT workshop in April and work on it F2F. Your thoughts, Kim?
[Tue 11:09:47] <manu>	Kim: That sounds great, didn't want to bring it up today, wanted a more fully formed proposal.
[Tue 11:10:09] <manu>	ACTION: Manu to work with Kim on Blockchain Open Badges use case.
[Tue 11:10:58] <manu>	Topic: Status of Verifiable Claims WG Creation
[Tue 11:11:28] <dlongley>	manu: No new insight from W3M, the chairs need to reach out and ask where we are no WG creation. We need to get some better status updates on where things are. If the chairs could reach out that would be good.
[Tue 11:11:36] <stonem___>	action: Chairs contact W3C membership re: WG creation
[Tue 11:12:01] <manu>	Topic: Update on Verifiable Claims Playground
[Tue 11:12:07] <voip-vctf>	17278084918 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000203] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:12:11] <manu>	https://w3c-vc.github.io/playground/
[Tue 11:12:22] <dezell>	voip: 0203 is me
[Tue 11:12:22] <voip-vctf>	Associated dezell with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000203.
[Tue 11:12:36] <manu>	stone: Playground is relatively new in the last week or two.
[Tue 11:12:42] <dezell>	present+ dezell
[Tue 11:12:43] <manu>	stone: Any actions to take out of this
[Tue 11:12:47] <manu>	q+ to report on Playground
[Tue 11:12:47] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, manu
[Tue 11:12:53] <manu>	q-
[Tue 11:12:53] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue: manu
[Tue 11:12:54] <manu>	q-
[Tue 11:12:54] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 11:13:00] *	amigus_ (~Adam@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:13:30] <jonnycrunch>	Sorry, checked it out, but didn't play in the sand yet.
[Tue 11:13:45] <amigus_>	manu: it's live but barely operational; we're going to add more examples over the next few weeks inclduing ones from different market verticals
[Tue 11:13:58] <MattLarson>	q+
[Tue 11:13:58] <voip-vctf>	MattLarson has been added to the queue: MattLarson
[Tue 11:14:21] <stonem___>	manu: have pulled in a intern to work on the playgound
[Tue 11:14:25] <amigus_>	manu: we can take Kims example; financial services, a loyalty card. we also have a developer helping us clean up the code -- it's their semester project
[Tue 11:14:29] <voip-vctf>	12066188530 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000204] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:14:36] <dlongley>	manu: Not much has happened since it went live, which is fine. It is barely operational :). It needs a lot of love. I think what we're going to try and do over the next couple of weeks is add more examples. Christopher Allen had a desire to start getting a collection of examples together in different market verticals. It's fairly easy to add those. That's why ... I think ... trying to get multiple things done at the same time, maybe we can take Kim's use
[Tue 11:14:37] <dlongley>	case and boil it down into an example. Financial industry and loyalty card use cases we can put in there. We're going to be doing that. We've also pulled a dev in to clean up the spaghetti code. PRs are very welcome. Please don't hesitate to jump in and fix something that's wrong with it, a lot to be fixed.
[Tue 11:14:38] <stonem___>	manu: need/plan to add more examples, have several
[Tue 11:14:40] <manu>	ack MattLarson 
[Tue 11:14:40] <voip-vctf>	MattLarson has the floor.
[Tue 11:14:40] <amigus_>	manu: pull requests are desired; if you want to help please do
[Tue 11:14:54] *	amigus_ is scribing now! 
[Tue 11:14:56] <manu>	larson: I messed around with it a bit, can I put in my own RSA key and see it come out?
[Tue 11:14:56] *	dlongley letting you take over scribing now amigus :)
[Tue 11:14:59] *	manu thanks amigus !
[Tue 11:15:14] *	amigus has quit ("Bye")
[Tue 11:15:15] *	drummond (~drummond@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:15:17] *	amigus_ is now known as amigus
[Tue 11:15:54] <manu>	Manu: Yes, that should work.
[Tue 11:15:46] <manu>	scribe: amigus
[Tue 11:15:54] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:15:54] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:15:56] <voip-vctf>	16097341186 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000205] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:15:59] *	manu hands scribing over to amigus.
[Tue 11:16:17] *	Varn (~Varn@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:16:41] <amigus>	stone: any action items for the playground that we should track as actions?
[Tue 11:17:14] <manu>	voip: 205 is Varn
[Tue 11:17:16] <voip-vctf>	Associated Varn with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000205.
[Tue 11:17:18] <amigus>	manu: no but work will continue with our developers and other volunteers over the next few months
[Tue 11:17:20] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:17:20] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:17:49] <amigus>	stone: next topic; old pull requests
[Tue 11:17:55] <stonem___>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-use-cases/pulls
[Tue 11:18:02] *	manu amigus dlongley is stone :)
[Tue 11:18:04] <stonem___>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/pulls
[Tue 11:18:14] <manu>	q+ to ask if Joe is here
[Tue 11:18:14] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:18:27] <amigus>	stone: there are some old requests sitting around; lets have a quick discussion about how to handle these
[Tue 11:18:28] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:18:28] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:18:32] <stonem___>	ack manu
[Tue 11:18:32] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to ask if Joe is here).
[Tue 11:18:46] <manu>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/pull/37
[Tue 11:19:28] <burn>	q+
[Tue 11:19:29] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: burn
[Tue 11:19:45] <amigus>	manu: it should happen like this: we discuss it in the group; have a review, repeat as necessary until complete and after around 7 days the editors will merge it in.
[Tue 11:20:12] <amigus>	manu: we should have at least 3 reviewers per PR tagged by the submitter
[Tue 11:20:22] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:20:22] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: burn
[Tue 11:20:39] <amigus>	manu: 3 reviewers without without objection = accepting and merging it.
[Tue 11:21:21] <amigus>	burn: the chairs and editors can request review from others who might have opinions; otherwise what manu stated is the general rule
[Tue 11:21:46] <JoeAndrieu_>	q?
[Tue 11:21:46] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: burn
[Tue 11:21:48] <jonnycrunch>	I like the buddy system by tagging me,  I am a sucker for peer-pressure and feel that have to check that box off of my to-do list.
[Tue 11:21:52] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:21:52] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: burn
[Tue 11:21:54] <JoeAndrieu_>	q+
[Tue 11:21:54] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu_ has been added to the queue: burn, JoeAndrieu_
[Tue 11:21:56] <stonem___>	ack burn
[Tue 11:21:56] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor.
[Tue 11:22:03] <amigus>	burn: also, editors can always make minor changes like typos
[Tue 11:22:19] *	manu yay, Joe - awesome job on your PR, btw!!! :)
[Tue 11:22:27] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:22:27] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu_
[Tue 11:22:29] <amigus>	burn: the main thing is that there are no objects and there's general agreement amoungst those who care...
[Tue 11:22:31] <stonem___>	ack JoeAndrieu_
[Tue 11:22:31] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu_ has the floor.
[Tue 11:23:04] <amigus>	joeAndrieu: question : is there a lightweight way to +1 a pull request? i.e. I don't have anything much to say but I'm good with it.
[Tue 11:23:14] <amigus>	manu: there's a thumbs-up, yes.
[Tue 11:23:20] <manu>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/pull/37
[Tue 11:23:36] <amigus>	manu: if you want to do that then put it on the very top comment
[Tue 11:23:38] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000206] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:23:48] *	dlongley "LGTM"
[Tue 11:23:51] <amigus>	burn: you can also just comment "looks good to me"
[Tue 11:23:58] *	manu would like the "OFFICIAL APPROVAL" to be a thumbs up emoticon :P
[Tue 11:24:18] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:24:18] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:24:30] <amigus>	burn: FYI LGTM is a popular acronym that means the same thing so feel free to use that too
[Tue 11:24:57] *	dlongley +1
[Tue 11:25:01] *	burn dubs Manu Mr.Official
[Tue 11:25:02] <voip-vctf>	Kim [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001f5] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:25:04] <voip-vctf>	19087694252 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000207] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:25:07] *	erok210 (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:25:09] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:25:09] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:25:10] <amigus>	manu: awesome job on the PR, Joe Andrieu, that is a good example
[Tue 11:25:17] <manu>	voip: 207 is EricKorb
[Tue 11:25:18] <voip-vctf>	Associated EricKorb with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000207.
[Tue 11:25:33] <voip-vctf>	14256520150 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000208] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:25:41] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:25:41] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:25:42] <manu>	voip: 208 is Kim
[Tue 11:25:42] <voip-vctf>	Associated Kim with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000208.
[Tue 11:25:54] *	manu amigus yep, Joe
[Tue 11:26:18] <burn>	q+
[Tue 11:26:18] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: burn
[Tue 11:26:22] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:26:22] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: burn
[Tue 11:26:23] <nage>	voip: 204 is drummond
[Tue 11:26:23] <voip-vctf>	Associated drummond with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000204.
[Tue 11:26:28] <amigus>	stone: we have a github tutorial that covers PRs; do we need to discuss it again?
[Tue 11:26:43] *	dlongley np :)
[Tue 11:26:57] *	dlongley if you hear someone talking with a horrible cold, that's me
[Tue 11:27:08] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:27:08] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: burn
[Tue 11:27:08] <amigus>	burn: its in the mailing list archives and if anyone wants to put it on the agenda please just ask
[Tue 11:27:26] <manu>	q+ to note other pull requests.
[Tue 11:27:26] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: burn, manu
[Tue 11:27:30] <manu>	ack burn 
[Tue 11:27:30] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor.
[Tue 11:28:12] <manu>	q+ to note that we need to get these in: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-use-cases/pulls
[Tue 11:28:12] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, manu
[Tue 11:28:14] <amigus>	burn: there are a couple that were submitted but they're left hanging; who should take charge to get them resolved
[Tue 11:28:21] <stonem___>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/pull/31
[Tue 11:28:34] <stonem___>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-use-cases/pulls
[Tue 11:28:57] <stonem___>	ACTION: Dan to assign reviewers for PRs on use cases
[Tue 11:29:07] <amigus>	manu: Dan, please assign a couple of reviewers -- some are missing reviewers
[Tue 11:29:24] <amigus>	burn: I'll request reviewers unless it's just typos in which case I'll just go ahead and merge
[Tue 11:29:37] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:29:37] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, manu
[Tue 11:29:42] <manu>	q+ Joe
[Tue 11:29:42] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, manu, Joe
[Tue 11:29:44] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:29:44] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note other pull requests.).
[Tue 11:29:44] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:29:44] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note that we need to get these in: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-use-cases/pulls).
[Tue 11:29:48] <stonem___>	ack manu
[Tue 11:29:48] <voip-vctf>	manu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:29:57] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:29:57] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: Joe
[Tue 11:29:57] <manu>	Added a few PRs today: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/pulls
[Tue 11:30:42] <amigus>	manu: just noting that there are a couple of other PRs there to address issues that JoeAndrieu inspired me to take on; a couple folks are tagged as reviewers but haven't said anything including amigus; please do
[Tue 11:30:45] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:30:45] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: Joe
[Tue 11:31:03] <amigus>	JoeAndrieu: how do i see that I have been tagged? do i get an email? is there a way i can filter?
[Tue 11:31:33] <amigus>	manu: I think you can filter by 'awaiting review from you' which is in the dropdown at the bottom.
[Tue 11:31:44] <manu>	ack Joe
[Tue 11:31:44] <voip-vctf>	Joe has the floor.
[Tue 11:32:05] <amigus>	JoeAndrieu: when I was editing what became my PR -- is there a way to see the HTML rendered?
[Tue 11:32:39] <amigus>	manu: no, not really unless you use the file:/// url -- it's non-obvious and not really built in
[Tue 11:33:07] <amigus>	JoeAndrieu: when you view it in preview you do see the HTML
[Tue 11:33:29] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:33:29] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:33:34] <amigus>	manu: that's a result of how you are doing edits (using githubs online editor) whereas must of use download the repo
[Tue 11:33:40] <voip-vctf>	16462345693 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000209] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:33:55] *	dlongley i think if you clone the repo to your personal account you can see it on github pages
[Tue 11:34:31] *	dlongley if your flow is to fork -- make changes, then look at your personal github pages for it
[Tue 11:34:48] *	dlongley that's one way, another is to checkout and look on your local filesystem like manu said.
[Tue 11:34:50] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:34:50] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:35:08] <gkellogg>	rawgit allows you to take any commit and display as formatted HTML.
[Tue 11:35:14] <jonnycrunch>	Github Desktop is an option.  Click on the desktop icon.
[Tue 11:35:28] <amigus>	manu: its all a lot easier if you download the repo, checkout, commit, ... which is in the tutorial; bottom line is that content is the most important
[Tue 11:35:44] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:35:44] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:35:44] <amigus>	JoeAndrieu: I'm glad it all worked out; next time I'll clone the repo
[Tue 11:36:07] <burn>	gkellogg, I have had mixed success with rawgit, but if you can post a quick way that you have found reliable that would be helpful
[Tue 11:36:22] <amigus>	stone: closing topic PR; next topic is action item review
[Tue 11:36:36] <stonem___>	Topic: Action Item Review
[Tue 11:36:37] <stonem___>	https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XIRn3VltrK_Dxqz0VyDxPi265sW47EMSKVKUXmMkI70/edit#gid=0
[Tue 11:36:52] *	amigus is having trouble today 
[Tue 11:37:45] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:37:45] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:37:55] <amigus>	andrieu: I don't know that we need to track the one on line two given that its getting covered in github issues
[Tue 11:38:21] <amigus>	JoeAndrieu: was amigus going to get us templates for the privacy work; should i use those?
[Tue 11:38:24] <manu>	q+ to retire an action as its been overtaken by events?
[Tue 11:38:24] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:38:32] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:38:32] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:38:58] <manu>	amigus: I have the NIST privacy risk templates.
[Tue 11:39:10] <manu>	amigus: If you want to take a crack at using those, then I can send them to you.
[Tue 11:39:17] <manu>	Joe: Yes, that'd be great.
[Tue 11:39:33] <manu>	amigus: Ok, I'll send them to the list.
[Tue 11:39:37] <stonem___>	ACTION: Adam Migus to send NIST privacy risk templates to mailing list (or a link)
[Tue 11:40:48] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:40:48] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:40:50] <amigus>	manu: there is another action on line 4 which is privacy analysis of agropper's use-case; i think that's closed out because JoeAndrieu already wrote the corresponding section
[Tue 11:40:55] <stonem___>	ack manu
[Tue 11:40:55] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to retire an action as its been overtaken by events?).
[Tue 11:41:12] <amigus>	manu: so line 4 is OBE; lets just strike it
[Tue 11:41:44] <amigus>	JoeAndrieu: i don't know if we did the first one though;
[Tue 11:41:55] <amigus>	stone: can someone take an action to flesh this out a bit
[Tue 11:42:30] <amigus>	manu: I think we should strike it because it's so open ended not because its done; it's not good to have action items open for months...
[Tue 11:42:38] <drummond>	I agree - working on privacy issues in the data model is going to be an ongoing task
[Tue 11:42:53] <drummond>	better to break in down into specific tasks assigned to specific people
[Tue 11:43:03] <drummond>	As Manu is suggesting
[Tue 11:43:14] <amigus>	manu: nate has volunteered to put some text in the PR; and others are tagged to do stuff in github that negates the need for it
[Tue 11:43:35] <amigus>	stone: can Manu take an action to make sure that's true?
[Tue 11:43:53] <amigus>	manu: I'll assign people and if they don't want to do it they can unasign themselves
[Tue 11:43:55] <manu>	ACTION: Manu to assign all privacy issues to people in Github issue tracker.
[Tue 11:44:29] <amigus>	stone: I added a more specific action to do that so that we can close the others
[Tue 11:44:32] <amigus>	stone: done
[Tue 11:45:04] <amigus>	stone: dlongley there are a few others hanging out here from previous meetings; rows 10 and 11; what's the status of those?
[Tue 11:45:25] <amigus>	burn: they are done; i can sent out an email again if need be
[Tue 11:45:42] <manu>	q+ to note future work action items to think about.
[Tue 11:45:43] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:46:09] <manu>	Topic: Agenda for Next Week
[Tue 11:46:13] <amigus>	burn: closing topic action item review; next topic (last topic on the agenda) topics for next week
[Tue 11:46:26] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:46:26] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:46:30] <stonem___>	ack manu
[Tue 11:46:30] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note future work action items to think about.).
[Tue 11:46:40] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:46:40] <voip-vctf>	manu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:47:07] <amigus>	manu: Rebooting Web of Trust is coming up; we're trying to figure out some useful deployment work that we can accomplish in time for that
[Tue 11:47:28] <burn>	q+ to remind people to respond to comments on requirements list
[Tue 11:47:28] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: burn
[Tue 11:47:59] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:47:59] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: burn
[Tue 11:48:01] <amigus>	manu: ?? is going to issue an id card that is a verifiable claim; if we could create an id card like the refugee one that's privacy enhancing which would demonstrate what we're doing relative to id2020 and show that its real and demonstrable
[Tue 11:48:37] <amigus>	manu: another idea: open badges and Kim and learning machine; the general pitch is 'can the group figure out a deployment project that we can get done in time for rebooting web of trust?'
[Tue 11:49:02] <amigus>	JoeAndrieu: sounds cool; how should we explore it?
[Tue 11:49:15] <jonnycrunch>	Refugee ID cards would make a nice topic and appropriate for the conference.
[Tue 11:49:27] <amigus>	manu: I can start an email chain; if folks want to get involved then speak up!
[Tue 11:49:55] <amigus>	manu: also if you want to see a particular thing made real; real can also mean putting it in the playground
[Tue 11:49:55] <adam>	amingus: please add me to the email.
[Tue 11:50:05] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:50:05] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: burn
[Tue 11:50:20] <amigus>	JoeAndrieu: really just a question of whether we can get enough resources on it
[Tue 11:50:20] <stonem___>	ack burn
[Tue 11:50:20] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor (to remind people to respond to comments on requirements list).
[Tue 11:50:23] <adam>	amigus: please add me to the email
[Tue 11:50:35] <drummond>	Manu: are you suggesting Refugee ID cards as a specific project for the Rebooting the Web of Trust meeting?
[Tue 11:50:43] <amigus>	burn: thanks to everyone who added comments to the Google doc.
[Tue 11:50:54] <manu>	q+ to note how we're using requirements list for JOSE/JWT analysis with amigus.
[Tue 11:50:55] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:51:00] <amigus>	burn: also people who put requirements in it; changes might have been made so go back and check on it
[Tue 11:51:15] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:51:15] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:51:19] <stonem___>	ack manu
[Tue 11:51:19] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note how we're using requirements list for JOSE/JWT analysis with amigus.).
[Tue 11:51:36] <amigus>	manu: on requirements: Dan, at what point are we going to start prioritizing?
[Tue 11:52:35] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:52:35] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:52:48] <amigus>	manu: general comment: we and amigus took the requirements and did an analysis of it relative to JOSE/JWT and how they could fit together (or not), whether they can be used to express VC stuff; we have an analysis doc; amigus: don't know when you might want to show it
[Tue 11:52:52] <stonem___>	q+
[Tue 11:52:52] <voip-vctf>	stonem___ has been added to the queue: stonem___
[Tue 11:53:06] <burn>	q+ to respond to manu
[Tue 11:53:07] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: stonem___, burn
[Tue 11:53:17] <manu>	amigus: It's weeks away, but in a few weeks we should bring it back to the group.
[Tue 11:53:23] <stonem___>	ack stonem__
[Tue 11:53:24] <voip-vctf>	stonem__ isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:53:44] <stonem___>	ack stonem___
[Tue 11:53:44] <voip-vctf>	stonem___ has the floor.
[Tue 11:53:52] <amigus>	stone: was the current view of the JOSE/JWT work now?
[Tue 11:54:04] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:54:04] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: burn
[Tue 11:54:14] <amigus>	manu: still too early but amigus will have something diffinitive to say once we get a little further
[Tue 11:54:21] <stonem___>	ack burn
[Tue 11:54:21] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor (to respond to manu).
[Tue 11:55:18] <stonem___>	q?
[Tue 11:55:18] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:55:26] <amigus>	burn: I do need some folks to look at the comments I've already made but I'm short on time at the current moment; i'll free up in a week or week and a half at which point I'll take the next step of pushing forward on ordering to move discussions ahead
[Tue 11:55:26] <amigus>	Present+ lake, sporny, longley, kellogg, lehn, nage, stone, abbas, burn, crunch, stone, migus, andrieu, dezell, drummond, varn, korb, duffy
