[2019-06-27T20:04:13.200Z]	<burn>	present+ Dan_Burnett
[2019-06-27T20:06:08.916Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+ Christopher Allen
[2019-06-27T20:08:29.895Z]	<manu>	present+ Manu_Sporny
[2019-06-27T20:08:50.773Z]	<manu>	present+ gropper
[2019-06-27T20:08:54.399Z]	<manu>	present+ barnhill
[2019-06-27T20:09:06.002Z]	<manu>	present+ boscolo
[2019-06-27T20:10:04.768Z]	<manu>	present+ christophera
[2019-06-27T20:10:09.866Z]	<manu>	present+ burn
[2019-06-27T20:10:12.705Z]	<manu>	present+ zagidulin
[2019-06-27T20:10:15.623Z]	<manu>	present+ Jane_Wang
[2019-06-27T20:10:20.651Z]	<manu>	present+ Shivam_Sethi
[2019-06-27T20:10:24.957Z]	<manu>	present+ Victor_Grey
[2019-06-27T20:10:39.614Z]	<bbarnhill_>	present+ Bill Barnhill
[2019-06-27T20:10:47.836Z]	<manu>	scribe: manu
[2019-06-27T20:11:18.672Z]	<manu>	Drummond: IPR - please make sure you are a CCG member and have agreed to the IPR agreement before making substantive contributions.
[2019-06-27T20:11:25.787Z]	<manu>	Drummond: Anyone new that wants to introduce themselves?
[2019-06-27T20:11:27.387Z]	<manu>	None
[2019-06-27T20:11:45.179Z]	<manu>	drummond: Let's get into the Agenda... first up are DID WG Charter issues.
[2019-06-27T20:11:53.841Z]	<manu>	Topic: DID WG Charter Issue Processing
[2019-06-27T20:11:58.894Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues
[2019-06-27T20:12:17.328Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/9
[2019-06-27T20:12:55.596Z]	<drummond>	manu: We began with the "PR Merged" issues.
[2019-06-27T20:13:10.588Z]	<drummond>	...the first one is #9
[2019-06-27T20:13:23.360Z]	<drummond>	...Use cases are outside of the charter
[2019-06-27T20:14:10.612Z]	<drummond>	...the PR was merged several weeks ago
[2019-06-27T20:14:21.600Z]	<drummond>	...Does anyone object to closing this issue?
[2019-06-27T20:14:58.910Z]	<drummond>	...There were no objections to close issue #9.
[2019-06-27T20:15:36.915Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/14
[2019-06-27T20:15:58.534Z]	<drummond>	...the next issue was Out of Scope: Auth, Signing, Cryptography mechanisms #14
[2019-06-27T20:17:33.132Z]	<drummond>	...Manu explained the issue and suggested that this subject was out of scope.
[2019-06-27T20:17:46.079Z]	<drummond>	....we want to enable a variety of mechanisms, but not define them.
[2019-06-27T20:18:14.907Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/34/files
[2019-06-27T20:19:42.988Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 no objections
[2019-06-27T20:20:11.761Z]	<drummond>	...the suggestion is to just close the issue, saying the group discussed it today and agreed that the PR that was merged reflects the desire of the group to enable mechanisms.
[2019-06-27T20:20:46.223Z]	<drummond>	...the group also discussed adding statements around interoperability as suggested by Tony Nadalin but felt that the text in the current charter is appropriate.
[2019-06-27T20:21:11.475Z]	<drummond>	...Does anyone object to closing this issue?
[2019-06-27T20:22:48.903Z]	<drummond>	There were no objections to close issue #14.
[2019-06-27T20:23:06.761Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/15
[2019-06-27T20:23:25.763Z]	<drummond>	...next was Out of Scope: Access Management and Identity Management #15
[2019-06-27T20:25:21.342Z]	<rhiaro>	hi all, sorry I'm unable to make the call tonight, I had planned to try to be around for charter stuff. manu / drummond if there are any charter wording/etc issues I can help with, please do just assign them to me, and I'll read these minutes for any discussion about them
[2019-06-27T20:25:23.539Z]	<drummond>	...The text was changed to "a particular focus to enabling identity and access management".
[2019-06-27T20:25:39.047Z]	<drummond>	thanks Amy
[2019-06-27T20:26:02.494Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 to closing
[2019-06-27T20:26:07.475Z]	<drummond>	...Does anyone object to closing this issue?
[2019-06-27T20:26:35.405Z]	<drummond>	...There were no objections to close issue #15.
[2019-06-27T20:26:52.616Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/17
[2019-06-27T20:26:57.524Z]	<brent>	present+ Brent_Zundel
[2019-06-27T20:27:05.878Z]	<drummond>	...next was Authentication #17
[2019-06-27T20:27:38.502Z]	<manu>	Kim made the following change -- https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/29/files
[2019-06-27T20:27:54.100Z]	<drummond>	...https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/17
[2019-06-27T20:28:41.448Z]	<drummond>	...the language now is that "DID enable cryptographic authentication" rather than the original text.
[2019-06-27T20:29:01.155Z]	<drummond>	...there is also a reference to FIDO and WebAuthn.
[2019-06-27T20:29:08.261Z]	<ken>	present+ Ken_Ebert
[2019-06-27T20:29:10.964Z]	<drummond>	Does anyone object to closing this issue?
[2019-06-27T20:29:29.941Z]	<drummond>	There were no objections to close issue #17.
[2019-06-27T20:29:36.030Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 to close
[2019-06-27T20:30:02.028Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/18
[2019-06-27T20:30:03.142Z]	<drummond>	...next was Discovery #18
[2019-06-27T20:30:36.485Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/25/files
[2019-06-27T20:30:47.472Z]	<drummond>	...this has already been addressed by this PR.
[2019-06-27T20:31:42.541Z]	<drummond>	...which removed the word "more".
[2019-06-27T20:31:50.987Z]	<drummond>	Does anyone object to closing this issue?
[2019-06-27T20:32:13.923Z]	<drummond>	There were no objections to close issue #18.
[2019-06-27T20:32:29.423Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/19
[2019-06-27T20:32:43.405Z]	<drummond>	...the next issue is Portability #19
[2019-06-27T20:33:30.740Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/26/files
[2019-06-27T20:33:58.697Z]	<drummond>	...this was addressed by adding the language, "including but not limited to"
[2019-06-27T20:34:24.416Z]	<drummond>	...the group agreed this language works.
[2019-06-27T20:34:30.589Z]	<drummond>	...Does anyone object to closing this issue?
[2019-06-27T20:34:48.194Z]	<drummond>	There were no objections to close issue #19.
[2019-06-27T20:35:30.438Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/12
[2019-06-27T20:36:17.061Z]	<drummond>	...next is Clarify statement around VCWG coordination re Normalization and Signatures #12
[2019-06-27T20:38:13.703Z]	<drummond>	...this issue is around whether there will be a dependency on processing JSON-LD
[2019-06-27T20:38:36.598Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/
[2019-06-27T20:38:40.832Z]	<manu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-wg-charter/
[2019-06-27T20:39:07.792Z]	<manu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-wg-charter/#coordination
[2019-06-27T20:39:44.159Z]	<drummond>	...Manu suggests that we remove the reference to the VCWG and its work...
[2019-06-27T20:40:39.190Z]	<drummond>	...and we could say that we could coordinate with the CCG and groups coming out of the CCG work.
[2019-06-27T20:41:48.434Z]	<drummond>	burn: We could add a new issue to add the CCG and others.
[2019-06-27T20:41:59.612Z]	<drummond>	manu: That might be the best option.
[2019-06-27T20:42:23.034Z]	<drummond>	burn: Suggests that we accept this issue and create a new PR.
[2019-06-27T20:43:11.822Z]	<drummond>	manu: Agreed. He will add a comment saying that we will remove this reference and create a new PR for adding new coordination groups.
[2019-06-27T20:43:46.210Z]	<drummond>	Shivam_sethi: Is joining this call for the first time...
[2019-06-27T20:43:54.060Z]	<brent>	q?
[2019-06-27T20:44:15.519Z]	<drummond>	...and suggests that the Coordination section should talk about the other related groups to help new members.
[2019-06-27T20:44:31.194Z]	<drummond>	...and that text in this section can do that.
[2019-06-27T20:45:00.226Z]	<drummond>	manu: Is going to add that "The group agreed that more coordination groups should be listed in the new PR."
[2019-06-27T20:46:24.045Z]	<drummond>	...Does anyone object to closing this issue?
[2019-06-27T20:46:42.228Z]	<drummond>	There were no objections to close issue #12.
[2019-06-27T20:47:00.515Z]	<drummond>	brent: I will add the new PR.
[2019-06-27T20:47:01.519Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/commit/0b05193fdbfc81929558652ab8120c4c0d255faa
[2019-06-27T20:47:27.816Z]	<drummond>	manu: removed the previous reference (above)
[2019-06-27T20:47:52.970Z]	<drummond>	brent: the new issue is #44.
[2019-06-27T20:48:09.260Z]	<drummond>	manu: has referenced the new issue #44.
[2019-06-27T20:48:37.066Z]	<ken>	q+
[2019-06-27T20:48:42.059Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2019-06-27T20:48:50.837Z]	<drummond>	present+
[2019-06-27T20:49:21.055Z]	<drummond>	ken: Asked what the implications of listing a coordination group are?
[2019-06-27T20:49:50.221Z]	<drummond>	manu: It does mean that your group will give that group a heads-up about your major steps.
[2019-06-27T20:51:13.983Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/13
[2019-06-27T20:51:43.569Z]	<drummond>	drummond: next is DID V1.0 #13
[2019-06-27T20:52:18.719Z]	<drummond>	manu: the suggestion is to remove mention of authentication
[2019-06-27T20:53:11.544Z]	<manu>	This is the text we need to reword: "Each DID Document contains at least three things: cryptographic material, authentication suites, and service endpoints. Cryptographic material combined with authentication suites provide a set of mechanisms to authenticate as the DID subject (e.g. public keys, pseudonymous biometric protocols, etc.). Service endpoints enable trusted interactions with the DID subject."
[2019-06-27T20:53:42.557Z]	<brent>	q+
[2019-06-27T20:53:44.197Z]	<manu>	drummond: Do we need to say "contains things that enable these things"?
[2019-06-27T20:53:47.078Z]	<manu>	ack ken
[2019-06-27T20:54:02.396Z]	<manu>	ack brent
[2019-06-27T20:54:05.321Z]	<drummond>	burn: text that says "enables"
[2019-06-27T20:54:34.768Z]	<drummond>	brent: He believes that there is a misunderstanding about the word "authentication".
[2019-06-27T20:54:47.458Z]	<bbarnhill_>	+1 for enables the selection of cryptographic mechanisms, as suggested by someone a minute earlier
[2019-06-27T20:54:50.179Z]	<burn>	q+
[2019-06-27T20:55:01.147Z]	<manu>	brent: My understanding of what this section points out is that I can prove that I'm the controller of this DID. I think what Tony's saying is that he doesn't like the word "authentication". Can we remove that?
[2019-06-27T20:55:22.436Z]	<manu>	markus: There is no requirement that it contain all of those things.
[2019-06-27T20:55:49.657Z]	<drummond>	drummond: the wording "at least" suggests these items are required.
[2019-06-27T20:56:05.960Z]	<drummond>	markus_sabadello: Agreed that these are not required.
[2019-06-27T20:56:06.755Z]	<manu>	markus: The spec says that you could have a did document w/o keys, or w/o authentication section, use of DID documents for things that ... so we don't want to give the impression that DID documents MUST contain these things.
[2019-06-27T20:56:50.824Z]	<manu>	ack burn
[2019-06-27T20:57:06.628Z]	<manu>	burn: I may partially agree w/ Brent... there should be no authentication discussed in this WG...
[2019-06-27T20:57:33.668Z]	<manu>	burn: "Each DID Document may enable selection of"...
[2019-06-27T20:57:42.773Z]	<manu>	burn: Selection isn't definition, it's selection.
[2019-06-27T20:57:59.314Z]	<ken>	+1 to selection of ...
[2019-06-27T20:58:32.350Z]	<drummond>	brent: is working on it now
[2019-06-27T20:58:55.698Z]	<drummond>	dimitriz: What do we mean by the word "selection"?
[2019-06-27T20:59:41.795Z]	<dmitriz>	+1 to express
[2019-06-27T20:59:49.093Z]	<ken>	+1 to express
[2019-06-27T20:59:50.412Z]	<drummond>	+1 for express
[2019-06-27T21:00:40.258Z]	<dlongley>	verification methods are cryptographic material
[2019-06-27T21:02:14.597Z]	<ken>	verification methods include cryptographic material?
[2019-06-27T21:02:27.907Z]	<dlongley>	a public key is a verification method
[2019-06-27T21:02:41.164Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/16
[2019-06-27T21:02:41.302Z]	<drummond>	manu: suggests we circle back to Brent when he is ready
[2019-06-27T21:04:13.349Z]	<drummond>	...this issue is General: current language precludes DIDs/methods leased from an authority #16
[2019-06-27T21:04:26.024Z]	<drummond>	brent: There is a PR about rubrics
[2019-06-27T21:04:34.857Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/22
[2019-06-27T21:04:38.840Z]	<drummond>	manu: it is PR 22
[2019-06-27T21:05:55.850Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/28
[2019-06-27T21:06:00.776Z]	<drummond>	brent: PR 28 talks about rubrics
[2019-06-27T21:06:33.188Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/28/files
[2019-06-27T21:07:15.058Z]	<manu>	The text that was added to the charter: Recommend a rubric of decentralized characteristics for DID Method specifications. This allows the DID Method specifications to self-certify, or independent third parties to evaluate, the DID Method specification's level of adherence to principles of decentralization.
[2019-06-27T21:08:15.384Z]	<drummond>	manu: It goes on to say that a deliverable is the Rubrics document.
[2019-06-27T21:08:38.680Z]	<drummond>	...this was added to a deliverable whose date needs to be changed.
[2019-06-27T21:09:27.669Z]	<drummond>	...so he proposes that if we accept PR 28, we can close issue 16 and 22.
[2019-06-27T21:09:47.586Z]	<drummond>	...does anyone disagree with that modification?
[2019-06-27T21:09:59.470Z]	<ken>	q+
[2019-06-27T21:10:00.096Z]	<drummond>	ChristopherA: Agrees
[2019-06-27T21:10:34.160Z]	<drummond>	brent: he can modify PR 27 that modifies one bit of text at the beginning.
[2019-06-27T21:11:14.695Z]	<drummond>	manu: if Brent could update PR 27, then we can close these other issues.
[2019-06-27T21:11:50.611Z]	<brent>	PR for Issue 13: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/45
[2019-06-27T21:11:54.676Z]	<drummond>	ken: This language is not precluding a DID that uses a centralized authority, but it keeps the decentralized rubrics.
[2019-06-27T21:12:25.033Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-06-27T21:12:30.161Z]	<manu>	ack ken
[2019-06-27T21:12:31.637Z]	<drummond>	manu: Yes, it allows a centralized system like Active Directory to provide DIDs.
[2019-06-27T21:12:45.774Z]	<manu>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-06-27T21:12:56.571Z]	<drummond>	burn: We could have a site called "Is It Decentralized Enough?"
[2019-06-27T21:13:30.601Z]	<drummond>	ChristopherA: It is too hard to mandate decentralization, but we can mandate transparency, and that's what rubrics do.
[2019-06-27T21:13:33.235Z]	<burn>	+1
[2019-06-27T21:14:03.263Z]	<drummond>	manu: It sounds like we have general agreement to remove the language about centralized authority.
[2019-06-27T21:14:30.097Z]	<drummond>	markus_sabadello: Do we still have language that the intention of DIDs are to not require a centralized authority?
[2019-06-27T21:15:00.948Z]	<drummond>	manu: (reads from the first few sentences in the charter)
[2019-06-27T21:15:21.382Z]	<brent>	I've updated the text of PR #27
[2019-06-27T21:18:52.894Z]	<drummond>	...proposed plan of action: 1) accept PR 27, 2) close issue 16, 3) pull in PR 28, 4) close issue 22
[2019-06-27T21:20:07.114Z]	<drummond>	ChristopherA: Could we change it to "central authorities" (plural rather than the singular)
[2019-06-27T21:21:32.672Z]	<drummond>	manu: Can we close the issue and then raise another one?
[2019-06-27T21:21:44.586Z]	<drummond>	ChristopherA: Yes, he's fine with that.
[2019-06-27T21:22:36.325Z]	<drummond>	Jane_wang: Asks the question: when we talk about a DID, is there a way that sometimes it can be a mix?
[2019-06-27T21:23:06.728Z]	<drummond>	manu: Asks if what you mean is that, while the DID is decentralized, the services can be centralized.
[2019-06-27T21:23:19.155Z]	<drummond>	Jane_wang: Yes, that's what I mean.
[2019-06-27T21:23:19.305Z]	<burn>	q+ to comment on this being an identifier
[2019-06-27T21:23:56.464Z]	<drummond>	manu: Can you raise this in another issue?
[2019-06-27T21:24:10.918Z]	<manu>	ack burn
[2019-06-27T21:24:17.610Z]	<manu>	q?
[2019-06-27T21:24:21.677Z]	<drummond>	...We should probably add text that clarifies that not everything a DID is used for needs to be decentralized.
[2019-06-27T21:24:50.522Z]	<drummond>	burn: As an identifier, a DID can be used for any service. What we're trying to go after is control over the DID itself.
[2019-06-27T21:25:03.973Z]	<drummond>	Jane_wang: Agreed to raise a new issue.
[2019-06-27T21:25:21.247Z]	<drummond>	manu: Any objections to merging PR 27/
[2019-06-27T21:25:31.231Z]	<drummond>	...There were no objections.
[2019-06-27T21:25:49.333Z]	<drummond>	...manu merged PR 27
[2019-06-27T21:26:26.512Z]	<drummond>	...manu added a comment explaining this and closed issue 16
[2019-06-27T21:26:36.599Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/28/files
[2019-06-27T21:27:12.622Z]	<drummond>	...any objections to merging PR 28?
[2019-06-27T21:27:21.070Z]	<drummond>	...there were no objections
[2019-06-27T21:27:40.397Z]	<drummond>	...manu merged PR 28
[2019-06-27T21:28:03.712Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-06-27T21:28:10.191Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/22
[2019-06-27T21:29:36.231Z]	<drummond>	...manu added a comment referencing the other PRs and explaining that the addition of the deliverable on the rubrics
[2019-06-27T21:29:46.175Z]	<drummond>	...any objections on closing issue 22?
[2019-06-27T21:30:20.207Z]	<drummond>	...no objections; closed 22
[2019-06-27T21:31:00.542Z]	<brent>	q+
[2019-06-27T21:31:07.456Z]	<manu>	ack brent
[2019-06-27T21:31:20.053Z]	<drummond>	drummond: asked about plan of action for finishing
[2019-06-27T21:31:25.926Z]	<manu>	brent: 35, 36, and 37 have PRs intended to address them.
[2019-06-27T21:31:56.061Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/35
[2019-06-27T21:32:03.334Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/36
[2019-06-27T21:32:04.286Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/37
[2019-06-27T21:32:12.255Z]	<ken>	keep going
[2019-06-27T21:32:12.628Z]	<drummond>	brent: issues #13, 35, 36, and 37 all have PRs
[2019-06-27T21:32:37.653Z]	<burn>	+1 to 10 more mins
[2019-06-27T21:32:40.773Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/38
[2019-06-27T21:33:02.430Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/38/files
[2019-06-27T21:34:19.742Z]	<drummond>	manu: any issues with this wording?
[2019-06-27T21:34:42.636Z]	<drummond>	ChristopherA: It gives him some heartburn but willing to agree.
[2019-06-27T21:34:52.290Z]	<chrisboscolo>	q+
[2019-06-27T21:35:10.267Z]	<drummond>	ack chrisboscolo
[2019-06-27T21:35:53.892Z]	<drummond>	chrisboscolo: question about the wording "digital identity"
[2019-06-27T21:36:16.721Z]	<drummond>	burn: is wanting to move
[2019-06-27T21:36:26.408Z]	<codenamedmitri>	-1 to keeping it
[2019-06-27T21:36:27.627Z]	<agropper>	keep it in
[2019-06-27T21:36:30.893Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 keep
[2019-06-27T21:36:31.933Z]	<drummond>	manu: who would support keeping it
[2019-06-27T21:36:41.559Z]	<manu>	+0 :P
[2019-06-27T21:36:48.474Z]	<agropper>	+1 keep
[2019-06-27T21:37:20.172Z]	<drummond>	+0
[2019-06-27T21:37:49.822Z]	<agropper>	if we don't keep it we have a marketing problem
[2019-06-27T21:37:54.381Z]	<bbarnhill_>	+1 to pointed to Chris's blog post as an input
[2019-06-27T21:37:58.291Z]	<codenamedmitri>	+1 to using the post as input
[2019-06-27T21:38:27.408Z]	<ken>	+1
[2019-06-27T21:38:41.188Z]	<burn>	q+
[2019-06-27T21:38:56.462Z]	<drummond>	manu: suggest that we accept this PR (38), and then add an issue to add a reference to Christopher's self-sovereign principles
[2019-06-27T21:38:58.402Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/38/files
[2019-06-27T21:38:58.843Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/self-sovereign-identity/blob/master/self-sovereign-identity-principles.md
[2019-06-27T21:39:10.749Z]	<drummond>	ack burn
[2019-06-27T21:40:10.834Z]	<drummond>	burn: He agrees with this approach, and suggest that in issue #35, we say that we are adding another reference.
[2019-06-27T21:40:21.748Z]	<drummond>	brent: Has added issue $46.
[2019-06-27T21:40:39.723Z]	<drummond>	manu: are any objections to approving PR 38?
[2019-06-27T21:40:40.585Z]	<burn>	s/another reference/another reference explaining the self-sovereign use case/
[2019-06-27T21:40:51.452Z]	<drummond>	no objections
[2019-06-27T21:41:07.591Z]	<drummond>	manu: moving to issue 35
[2019-06-27T21:41:49.839Z]	<drummond>	manu: added a comment referencing PR 38 and referencing issue 46.
[2019-06-27T21:42:10.710Z]	<drummond>	issue closed
[2019-06-27T21:42:12.449Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/35#issuecomment-506522450
[2019-06-27T21:42:45.611Z]	<bbarnhill_>	Good for a little longer
[2019-06-27T21:42:48.354Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/41
[2019-06-27T21:43:09.305Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/45/files
[2019-06-27T21:44:09.480Z]	<drummond>	manu: we reviewed PR 45
[2019-06-27T21:44:23.049Z]	<drummond>	...any objections to merging #45?
[2019-06-27T21:44:27.590Z]	<drummond>	...no objections
[2019-06-27T21:44:35.549Z]	<drummond>	...manu merged PR 45
[2019-06-27T21:45:14.932Z]	<drummond>	...manu moved to issue 13
[2019-06-27T21:45:15.760Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/13#issuecomment-506523228
[2019-06-27T21:46:13.978Z]	<bbarnhill_>	I may not be able to make that time slot, but that is fine
[2019-06-27T21:46:38.614Z]	<ken>	+1 to meeting right after CCG
[2019-06-27T21:46:42.508Z]	<brent>	+1
[2019-06-27T21:47:06.131Z]	<drummond>	manu: we proposed another call at 10AM Pacific next Tuesday July 2.
[2019-06-27T21:47:14.761Z]	<drummond>	There is a consensus for doing that.
