[2018-03-20T15:58:44.136Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	voip: 23b is JoeAndrieu
[2018-03-20T15:58:44.136Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Mar/0011.html
[2018-03-20T15:58:44.136Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Chair: jandrieu
[2018-03-20T15:58:44.136Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	scribe: achughes
[2018-03-20T15:59:11.003Z]	<manu>	voip: number?
[2018-03-20T16:00:47.986Z]	<kimhd>	voip: connections?
[2018-03-20T16:01:00.570Z]	<kimhd>	voip: 237 is kimhd
[2018-03-20T16:01:21.230Z]	<markus_sabadello>	voip: 243 is markus_sabadello
[2018-03-20T16:01:22.680Z]	<kimhd>	voip: 23d is kimhd
[2018-03-20T16:01:36.960Z]	<kimhd>	voip: 23a is mosesma
[2018-03-20T16:01:50.200Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2018-03-20T16:02:40.885Z]	<kimhd>	voip: 237 is Ed_Eykholt
[2018-03-20T16:03:11.332Z]	<heathervescent>	present+ heathervescent
[2018-03-20T16:03:27.381Z]	<dennisy>	voip: 192 is dennisy
[2018-03-20T16:03:53.390Z]	<kimhd>	voip: 248 is lionel_wolberger
[2018-03-20T16:03:58.218Z]	<kimhd>	voip: connections?
[2018-03-20T16:04:36.731Z]	<heathervescent>	Also, you can put me on the scribe list.
[2018-03-20T16:04:41.625Z]	<albertoelias>	no luck joining the call
[2018-03-20T16:05:30.621Z]	<kimhd>	voip: 245 is David_Challener
[2018-03-20T16:06:03.145Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: reminded everyone of the IPR policy
[2018-03-20T16:06:06.401Z]	<Kerri_Lemoie>	voip: 250 is Kerri Lemoie
[2018-03-20T16:06:53.077Z]	<achughes>	manu: requested an upgrade for the number of simultaneous channels that DigitalBazzar can support (up to 50) - waiting for pricing
[2018-03-20T16:08:01.098Z]	<rgrant>	voip-ccg: connections
[2018-03-20T16:08:08.770Z]	<achughes>	topic: Introductions
[2018-03-20T16:08:18.010Z]	<rgrant>	voip-ccg: 252 is rgrant
[2018-03-20T16:09:02.274Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-03-20T16:09:12.997Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack kimhd
[2018-03-20T16:10:10.470Z]	<achughes>	Ed_Eykholt: Hi, I'm part of Pithya, part of the RChain initiative, looking into Decentralized Identifiers and Verifiable Credentials.
[2018-03-20T16:11:04.791Z]	<rgrant>	voip-ccg: 259 is rgrant
[2018-03-20T16:11:19.957Z]	<Identitywoman>	Hi everyone, my name is Kaliya Young also known as Identity Woman on the Internet. I'm one of the co-founders of the Internet Identity Workshop. Good to be here and participating.
[2018-03-20T16:11:31.542Z]	<heathervescent>	Great to see you @Identitywoman!!!
[2018-03-20T16:11:34.261Z]	<achughes>	topic: Announcements
[2018-03-20T16:12:38.079Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: upcoming events - see the agenda for a list
[2018-03-20T16:12:56.725Z]	<David_Challener>	IIW26 soon.
[2018-03-20T16:14:02.094Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2018-03-20T16:14:34.243Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: need to have a hackathon to introduce the technology for new developers - should probably be a new Work Item - figuring out how. To happen over the summer - need supporting materials etc
[2018-03-20T16:15:04.511Z]	<achughes>	topic: Current action items progress
[2018-03-20T16:15:05.838Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2018-03-20T16:15:15.211Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack kimhd
[2018-03-20T16:15:41.214Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: new action items were added last week - but they are not on the current action item list - will be added for next week
[2018-03-20T16:15:58.851Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: Chairs were asked if ccg will do something at TPAC?
[2018-03-20T16:16:12.038Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2018-03-20T16:16:12.292Z]	<achughes>	manu: Yes.
[2018-03-20T16:16:31.244Z]	<achughes>	manu: but we have to prepare well
[2018-03-20T16:16:54.592Z]	<kimhd>	ack kimhd
[2018-03-20T16:16:56.005Z]	<achughes>	manu: should focus heavilly on DIDs - to get everyone up to speed and more comfortable with the work
[2018-03-20T16:17:01.730Z]	<kimhd>	Chairs to ensure that work items are sticky and have the right company support Chairs to find people to produce DID use cases. Chairs to find people to produce DID charter. Chairs to drum up W3C Member company support for DID WG. Chairs to find people to work on DID test suite.
[2018-03-20T16:17:34.535Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: will add TPAC prep to permanent list of action items
[2018-03-20T16:17:39.163Z]	<achughes>	topic: Work items
[2018-03-20T16:18:17.040Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: first meeting of Educational and Occupational Verifiable Credentials group - meeting info was sent to list
[2018-03-20T16:18:39.176Z]	<achughes>	… OpenBadges/VC alignment has started
[2018-03-20T16:18:58.294Z]	<achughes>	… first meeting will be to ask the group about priorities. Kim to resend invitation to ccg list
[2018-03-20T16:19:25.781Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: Summertime timezone chaos is underway for another week - pay attention to UTC time of any calls
[2018-03-20T16:19:54.151Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: Seeking to add DID-Auth as a formal work item - need a lead author
[2018-03-20T16:20:32.080Z]	<kimhd>	EDU/OCC Verifiable Credentials meeting info: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Mar/0043.html
[2018-03-20T16:21:14.271Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: MyData conference - Helsinki - last week of August - invited to participate in a panel - DID VC/ccg focus
[2018-03-20T16:21:25.792Z]	<achughes>	… want to talk specifically about DID-Auth proposal
[2018-03-20T16:21:26.090Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2018-03-20T16:22:05.751Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: the idea for mydata is to have a DID session of some kind
[2018-03-20T16:22:17.635Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	voip: 25f is JoeAndrieu
[2018-03-20T16:22:39.891Z]	<achughes>	… 3-4 people / implementers to present what they are doing. lots of audience that would not know what DIDs are & significance
[2018-03-20T16:22:59.402Z]	<achughes>	… Kim? Ruben? Sovrin people? Talk about their specific DID method etc
[2018-03-20T16:23:13.132Z]	<achughes>	… to demonstrate that DIDs are interoperable
[2018-03-20T16:23:36.277Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: the Chairs want to support this
[2018-03-20T16:24:12.477Z]	<Identitywoman>	I am also working with the myData organizers to organize an "un conference" within the MyData conference
[2018-03-20T16:24:12.514Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: Clearly there’s lots of support for this - so it can become a work item.
[2018-03-20T16:24:43.318Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: Markus to lead - ccg will support
[2018-03-20T16:24:56.780Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: the call for proposals is still open - please submit
[2018-03-20T16:25:14.990Z]	<heathervescent>	I will be in the UK that week, so could meet somewhere before/after if there is a RWOT.
[2018-03-20T16:25:19.757Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: If you plan to attend, please inform Chairs to help organize mini-rebooting web of trust session (RWOT)
[2018-03-20T16:25:45.996Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: Any other status updates? (nope)
[2018-03-20T16:25:55.345Z]	<kimhd>	RESOLUTION: Adopt MyData panel at Helsinki as a CG work item.
[2018-03-20T16:25:57.222Z]	<achughes>	topic: DID-based Authentication (DID-Auth)
[2018-03-20T16:26:45.276Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: Markus to talk about DID-Auth. At the highest level, using DIDs for Authentication (NOT Authorization :)
[2018-03-20T16:27:18.162Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: DID-Auth - process or ceremony to prove control of a DID
[2018-03-20T16:27:39.778Z]	<manu>	Example of Browser-based DID Authentication: https://w3c-ccg.github.io/credential-handler-api/
[2018-03-20T16:28:23.158Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: It gets complex when covering different use cases / scenarios; e.g. web authentication, mutual authentication (like TLS authentication), service authentication. Many different ways to prove control (signatures/crypto; biometric)
[2018-03-20T16:28:44.921Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: Still need to clarify/refine scope and outline of what DID-Auth exactly is and represents
[2018-03-20T16:29:05.731Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: Hartog and markus_sabadello submitted topic papers to RWOT. A draft paper came out of RWOT
[2018-03-20T16:30:08.341Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: draft paper needs to decide/define what is and is not DID-Auth - eg email signatures?
[2018-03-20T16:30:09.297Z]	<ChristopherA>	Q+
[2018-03-20T16:30:16.051Z]	<markus_sabadello>	RWoT DID Auth draft: https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-spring2018/blob/master/draft-documents/did_auth_draft.md
[2018-03-20T16:30:27.324Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack markus_sabadello
[2018-03-20T16:30:33.433Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-03-20T16:30:35.404Z]	<markus_sabadello>	RWoT topic paper by Markus: https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-spring2018/blob/master/topics-and-advance-readings/DID%20Auth:%20Scope,%20Formats,%20and%20Protocols.md
[2018-03-20T16:30:44.145Z]	<markus_sabadello>	RWoT topic paper by Kyle: https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-spring2018/blob/master/topics-and-advance-readings/DID-Auth%20protocol.md
[2018-03-20T16:30:45.198Z]	<dlongley>	this page has links to browser-based DID Auth demo and video: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/credential-handler-api
[2018-03-20T16:31:21.551Z]	<Hartog>	q+
[2018-03-20T16:31:25.356Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: question - before RWOT meeting, lots of questions about what DID-Auth was supposed to be - did RWOT help to reconcile that quetion? are there still different views on what it is? Should the abstract focus on more requirements?
[2018-03-20T16:31:43.896Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: e.g. with DID the first paper was requirements (not a spec)
[2018-03-20T16:31:51.938Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack kile_denhartog_
[2018-03-20T16:31:56.386Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack Hartog
[2018-03-20T16:32:14.638Z]	<manu>	Video demo of browser-based DID Authentication - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bm3XBPB4cFY
[2018-03-20T16:32:25.306Z]	<achughes>	Hartog: at RWOT we scoped it down - DID-Auth does not include authorization. Can be done in a few different ways.
[2018-03-20T16:32:57.099Z]	<Identitywoman>	it shouldn't include authorization - authentication and authorization are different
[2018-03-20T16:32:57.905Z]	<achughes>	Hartog: Concern is how to do an interoperable authentication protocol - thats where the issues will lie - requirements will help clarify the concerns that need to be resolved
[2018-03-20T16:33:14.605Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2018-03-20T16:33:27.511Z]	<achughes>	Hartog: maybe implementations might have their own ‘method specs’ in the same way the DID spec evolved
[2018-03-20T16:34:20.030Z]	<ChristopherA>	Q?
[2018-03-20T16:34:25.710Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-03-20T16:34:42.940Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack markus_sabadello
[2018-03-20T16:35:13.034Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: what are next steps?
[2018-03-20T16:36:00.781Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: noise?
[2018-03-20T16:36:09.514Z]	<heathervescent>	Mixes well with some ambient background music.
[2018-03-20T16:36:16.999Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Does markus_sabadello think that refocusing on Requirements is the next step?
[2018-03-20T16:39:02.239Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2018-03-20T16:39:24.825Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Chris, could you restate your question for Markus?
[2018-03-20T16:39:27.712Z]	<Moses>	I had one question - Question: does anyone have a functional block diagram for how DID and DIDauth work? Please send to me - moses.ma@futurelabconsulting.com
[2018-03-20T16:39:57.711Z]	<achughes>	achughes: moses - we are developing sequence diagrams for the DID-Auth paper
[2018-03-20T16:40:36.252Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Chris?
[2018-03-20T16:40:46.330Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	You had a question for Markus
[2018-03-20T16:40:52.045Z]	<markus_sabadello>	I think next steps are to continue work on the DID Auth RWoT paper to define scope and the various forms DID Auth can take (browser based, qr scanning with mobile, DID Auth service endpoint, DID-TLS, etc.), and incorporate content from Kyle's and my topic papers.
[2018-03-20T16:41:19.230Z]	<markus_sabadello>	And ask for input from this group about what is DID Auth and what is not DID Auth.
[2018-03-20T16:41:27.924Z]	<markus_sabadello>	And have at least 10 IIW sessions about it :)
[2018-03-20T16:41:34.085Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	=)
[2018-03-20T16:41:39.361Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Definitely some IIW sessions.
[2018-03-20T16:42:01.891Z]	<achughes>	achughes: One thing we did talk about at RWOT is that DID-Auth requires _cryptographic_ proof of control - not other types of ‘proof'
[2018-03-20T16:42:03.591Z]	<manu>	So, I guess the question is how many IIW sessions and when?
[2018-03-20T16:42:46.033Z]	<manu>	I'm concerned that we may need to do some more front-running/planning for that event.
[2018-03-20T16:42:46.711Z]	<markus_sabadello>	I can also demo DID Auth components I built for BCGov. This includes use of HTTP Signatures and Verifiable Credentials similar (but not equal) to the browser Credential Handler API.
[2018-03-20T16:42:54.045Z]	<ChristopherA>	(…or at least one cryptographic prof if control)
[2018-03-20T16:43:07.870Z]	<achughes>	achughes: _cryptographic_ proof means that we had to focus on the keys - we put a simplified flow into the document so that we can ‘test’ scenarios to see if they fit the DID-Auth pattern
[2018-03-20T16:43:22.639Z]	<achughes>	achughes: it was useful to avoid talking about authorization
[2018-03-20T16:43:44.170Z]	<Identitywoman>	I just hung up - I literally couldn't hear anything
[2018-03-20T16:44:06.932Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	One question for me is whether or not DID-AUTH is only about control of the DID, e.g., the right to update the DID document, or does it also include work flows for logging in AS the referent of the DID, which might use keys or methods other than master key proof of control.
[2018-03-20T16:44:16.704Z]	<markus_sabadello>	Regarding authorization, I agree that's out of scope for DID Auth, but the data formats and flows are related. If you look at the Credential Handler API, or if you look at uPort, then "proving control of an identifier" is not so different from "proving something else".
[2018-03-20T16:44:19.914Z]	<dlongley>	was wondering if anyone working on DID-based TLS looked into potentially defining a new `TokenBindingID` type of DID (see https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-tokbind-protocol-16 and https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-tokbind-https-12)
[2018-03-20T16:45:16.472Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ (irc only)
[2018-03-20T16:45:34.939Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-03-20T16:45:45.624Z]	<Hartog>	q+ (irc only)
[2018-03-20T16:45:54.351Z]	<manu>	markus_sabadello and Hartog, what's next wrt. DID Auth - it feels like we're kinda all over the place with it... use cases, requirements?
[2018-03-20T16:46:22.694Z]	<manu>	Where is the focus going to be? Fundamentally, there needs to be a spec if we're going to drive toward a standard of any kind.
[2018-03-20T16:46:25.164Z]	<ChristopherA>	I would like to see Marcus and team continue to work on the RWoT paper, but seperately I'd like to see a CCG work item abstract for a requirements, which may be less than RWoT paper.
[2018-03-20T16:46:56.131Z]	<manu>	There also has to be deployment... who's deploying this stuff commercially in the next year or so?
[2018-03-20T16:47:14.042Z]	<ChristopherA>	I'd like to see a goal that we have a requirements document suitable for CCG use by summer.
[2018-03-20T16:47:17.016Z]	<ChristopherA>	(done)
[2018-03-20T16:47:43.516Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Chris, you bring up a good point. The RWOT paper is *not* a CCG work item, although once written, could be the foundation for or input to a CCG work item.
[2018-03-20T16:47:58.041Z]	<rgrant>	q+ on BTCR authoization (responding to Joe)
[2018-03-20T16:48:10.357Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack Hartog
[2018-03-20T16:48:39.650Z]	<Hartog>	two things: I know there's concerns about zoom, but in order to continue this call today I can supply a zoom room until we resolve SIP concerns. Anyone opposed to that idea?
[2018-03-20T16:49:17.701Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Thanks, Kyle. I think we are better of making the most of IRC in the limited time we have left.
[2018-03-20T16:49:28.625Z]	<markus_sabadello>	I think the RWoT paper should be an initial overview of requirements, flows, data formats, to get to a common understanding what is DID Auth. It also has examples, but it's not going to be a spec.
[2018-03-20T16:49:46.612Z]	<Hartog>	second: I'd primarily like to see a requirements doc be built in parallel to the RWoT paper with the CCG work coming out to be the standard based work.
[2018-03-20T16:50:54.339Z]	<albertoelias>	I think we're already covering requirements in the RWoT paper, as that sets the line for the rest of the paper
[2018-03-20T16:51:45.444Z]	<rgrant>	Joe, I can answer this one quickly.  BTCR will not do any DID-auth for authorization to control the DID, since its authorization is rooted in access to keys on the blockchain that DID-auth cannot refuse.
[2018-03-20T16:52:05.610Z]	<Identitywoman>	can someone please post a link to the RWoT paper we are talking about :)  thanks
[2018-03-20T16:52:34.486Z]	<albertoelias>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-spring2018/blob/master/draft-documents/did_auth_draft.md
[2018-03-20T16:52:39.150Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Thanks, rgrant
[2018-03-20T16:52:44.585Z]	<Hartog>	@alberto, great point, now that I think about it we did address this fairly well, we just need feedback on it from the larger community.
[2018-03-20T16:52:51.172Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	And thanks, albertoalias
[2018-03-20T16:53:42.192Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Markus, would it be appropriate to ask folks to review the current doc and provide feedback?
[2018-03-20T16:53:48.940Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	What would be the best venue for that? Issues?
[2018-03-20T16:54:34.190Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	thanks, dlongley
[2018-03-20T16:54:38.890Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-03-20T16:54:45.001Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack rgrant
[2018-03-20T16:54:51.813Z]	<markus_sabadello>	Yes if people have time, reviewing that draft paper (and Kyle's and my topic papers) would be helpful.
[2018-03-20T16:55:03.503Z]	<Hartog>	q+
[2018-03-20T16:55:14.752Z]	<markus_sabadello>	There's also a did-auth channel on the weboftrustinfo slack.
[2018-03-20T16:55:22.631Z]	<rgrant>	sorry, already done.
[2018-03-20T16:55:43.501Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack Hartog
[2018-03-20T16:56:20.933Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2018-03-20T16:56:24.118Z]	<Hartog>	@Joe, I'd suggest github issues in the RWoT repo being used, but I'm not opposed to the RWoT slack channel to facilitate discussion
[2018-03-20T16:56:40.731Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Ok.
[2018-03-20T16:57:00.978Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Kyle, could you send an email to the list with the URL and ask for feedback on Github?
[2018-03-20T16:57:17.238Z]	<Hartog>	yea, I can do that
[2018-03-20T16:57:26.936Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Perfect.
[2018-03-20T16:57:29.994Z]	<Hartog>	q?
[2018-03-20T16:57:40.414Z]	<dennisy>	markus_sabadello how does one join the RWOT slack?
[2018-03-20T16:57:46.684Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Sorry for the technical challenges folks.
[2018-03-20T16:58:14.957Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Chris, for the slack, they should email Shannon?
[2018-03-20T16:58:22.990Z]	<achughes>	dennisy: Go to weboftrust.info and follow the instructions
[2018-03-20T16:58:34.670Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Perfect. Thanks, Andrew
[2018-03-20T16:58:49.233Z]	<achughes>	achughes: the links to the github repos for all the RWOT events are there too
[2018-03-20T16:58:52.657Z]	<achughes>	achughes: and the published papers
[2018-03-20T16:59:04.014Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	With that, let's draw this meeting to a close. Does anyone have any parting comments?
[2018-03-20T16:59:19.139Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Oh.
[2018-03-20T16:59:21.619Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	I do. =)
[2018-03-20T17:00:02.751Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Who will be editor(s) of the DID-Auth output of the CCG?
[2018-03-20T17:00:08.611Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	(not the RWOT paper)
[2018-03-20T17:00:08.611Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ eykholt, moses, andrieu, hughes, kimhd, sporny, sabadello, challener, wolberger, lemoie, rgrant, heathervescent
