[2018-07-24T15:51:10.837Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2018-07-24T15:51:15.034Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 2f1
[2018-07-24T15:51:16.034Z] <kimhd>	AGENDA: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Jul/0047.html
[2018-07-24T15:51:30.034Z] <kimhd>	Scribe: Lionel_Wolberger
[2018-07-24T15:57:41.637Z]	<lparker_>	present+
[2018-07-24T15:57:57.204Z]	<AnthonyRonning>	present+
[2018-07-24T15:58:55.325Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	voip: 2f9 is JoeAndrieu
[2018-07-24T15:59:45.947Z]	<AnthonyRonning>	voip: 2f4 is AnthonyRonning
[2018-07-24T15:59:57.967Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2018-07-24T16:01:38.184Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: noise?
[2018-07-24T16:01:49.949Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: mute 2f5
[2018-07-24T16:02:37.718Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: unmute 2f5
[2018-07-24T16:02:39.851Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: mute 2f5
[2018-07-24T16:02:52.884Z]	<mike-lodder>	present+
[2018-07-24T16:03:01.800Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2018-07-24T16:03:04.880Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: disconnect 2f5
[2018-07-24T16:03:13.249Z]	<rgrant>	present+
[2018-07-24T16:03:42.818Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2018-07-24T16:04:15.053Z]	<drabiv>	voip: 317 is drabiv
[2018-07-24T16:04:52.971Z]	<achughes>	present+
[2018-07-24T16:04:59.700Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2018-07-24T16:05:12.867Z]	<burn>	present+
[2018-07-24T16:05:27.419Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2018-07-24T16:06:16.339Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: 31b is ChristopherA
[2018-07-24T16:06:52.111Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: 31d is Lionel_Wolberger
[2018-07-24T16:07:10.692Z]	<lparker_>	voip-ccg: 2f6 is lparker_
[2018-07-24T16:07:23.193Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2018-07-24T16:07:23.193Z]	<kimhd> TOPIC: Introductions
[2018-07-24T16:07:31.958Z]	<wolf>	Hello all. Wolf McNally, via invite by Christopher Allen
[2018-07-24T16:07:57.627Z]	<richardkraaijenhagen>	present+
[2018-07-24T16:08:06.782Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2017/blob/master/final-documents/amira.pdf
[2018-07-24T16:08:09.929Z]	<jungly_>	present+ kulpreet
[2018-07-24T16:08:16.261Z]	<dlongley>	present+ Richard_Kraaijenhagen
[2018-07-24T16:08:20.726Z]	<JeffO-StL>	JeffO StL dial in 314 area code
[2018-07-24T16:08:21.726Z]	<kimhd>	TOPIC: Agenda Review
[2018-07-24T16:08:38.333Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Agenda: Main focus today the Amria.pdf document
[2018-07-24T16:08:48.720Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: 301 is JeffO-StL
[2018-07-24T16:08:59.371Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: 30a is Wolf_McNally
[2018-07-24T16:09:01.552Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2018-07-24T16:10:00.846Z]	<dlongley>	Lionel_Wolberger: My name is Lionel Wolberger, I've been in the CCG for a while. Via https://platin.io we're doing location credentials and secure proofs in a decentralized manner. We want to use VCs as a way for making those interoperable.
[2018-07-24T16:10:12.860Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Lionel Wolberger re-introduced himself, co-founder of https://platin.io
[2018-07-24T16:10:48.918Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: 30c is Richard_Kraaijenhagen
[2018-07-24T16:10:51.479Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2018-07-24T16:11:24.472Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris said, there are a wide variety of guests present
[2018-07-24T16:11:42.738Z]	<kimhd>	TOPIC: Announcements & Reminders
[2018-07-24T16:11:43.738Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Opening at 10 AM Pacific with a quick introduction to the WoT, SSI, principles and high level intro
[2018-07-24T16:11:44.451Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://businessofblockchain.com/web/virtual-summits/blockchain-id
[2018-07-24T16:11:51.585Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	A number of companies will do deeper dives throughout the call
[2018-07-24T16:12:05.681Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Joe said, next week decentralized web summit in San Francisco
[2018-07-24T16:12:22.418Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://decentralizedweb.net/
[2018-07-24T16:12:31.898Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris- Markus had a panel accepted at that meeting. Decentralized identity panel.
[2018-07-24T16:12:59.460Z]	<jungly_>	SIP is totally not working for me. Will try later again. :(
[2018-07-24T16:13:21.229Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris- there will be updates on IPFS, and a wide variety of information on decentralized internet
[2018-07-24T16:13:21.919Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://mydata2018.org/
[2018-07-24T16:13:44.200Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Joe - August 29â€“31 Kulttuuritalo, Helsinki, Finland
[2018-07-24T16:13:57.112Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	RWoT will be 26-28 September 2018
[2018-07-24T16:14:25.858Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	TPAC and IIW are the same week in October
[2018-07-24T16:14:25.998Z]	<kimhd>	Present+
[2018-07-24T16:15:03.400Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-07-24T16:15:03.703Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Joe urges people to attend the TPAC, and win over W3C people
[2018-07-24T16:15:11.341Z]	<dlongley>	TPAC early registration ends in July I think ...
[2018-07-24T16:15:15.526Z]	<dlongley>	cheaper rates will end.
[2018-07-24T16:15:20.121Z]	<dlongley>	(so hurry up and register)
[2018-07-24T16:15:21.638Z]	<richardkraaijenhagen>	TPAC is invite only, can we apply?
[2018-07-24T16:15:48.469Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item%22_
[2018-07-24T16:15:52.308Z]	<achughes>	q+ spec text training and did-primer
[2018-07-24T16:15:53.678Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Richard- invite only? Please elaborate.
[2018-07-24T16:16:18.633Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/2
[2018-07-24T16:16:24.787Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack achughes
[2018-07-24T16:16:25.787Z]	<kimhd>	TOPIC: Progress on Current Action Items
[2018-07-24T16:16:43.425Z]	<ChristopherA>	c/https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item%22_/https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item%22
[2018-07-24T16:17:01.106Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	DID Primer, it is now a valid document.
[2018-07-24T16:17:19.388Z]	<kimhd>	PR for possibly complete work items: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/pull/26/files
[2018-07-24T16:18:10.766Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2018-07-24T16:18:18.199Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack kimhd
[2018-07-24T16:18:19.766Z]	<kimhd>	TOPIC: Work Items
[2018-07-24T16:18:29.442Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2018-07-24T16:18:29.578Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/pull/26/files
[2018-07-24T16:18:31.398Z]	<achughes>	The github repo for did-primer conversion into ReSpec format is https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-primer
[2018-07-24T16:18:43.253Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	q+
[2018-07-24T16:19:10.181Z]	<manu>	present+
[2018-07-24T16:19:34.266Z]	<richardkraaijenhagen>	@Lionel I was wondering what kind of level of participation in CCG is required to attend tpac. https://www.w3.org/2018/10/TPAC/Overview.html#participation
[2018-07-24T16:19:46.627Z]	<kimhd>	action: update work items with links to final artifacts
[2018-07-24T16:19:51.819Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack Lionel_Wolberger
[2018-07-24T16:19:55.386Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	TPAC is invite only??
[2018-07-24T16:20:04.319Z]	<manu>	q+ could clarify.
[2018-07-24T16:20:16.732Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-07-24T16:20:36.765Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Regarding TPAC: In general it is invite-only. There are ways to get in if you are in a community group.
[2018-07-24T16:21:16.240Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Most working groups do object if people who have not agreed to the IP policy start speaking and contributing.
[2018-07-24T16:21:52.692Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-07-24T16:21:56.630Z]	<ChristopherA>	?+
[2018-07-24T16:21:58.769Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	W3C is in general invite-only, and can be quite detail-oriented when it comes to inspecting your paperwork (which could take time to complete)
[2018-07-24T16:22:05.813Z]	<ChristopherA>	q-
[2018-07-24T16:22:40.761Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-07-24T16:22:46.968Z]	<manu>	lionel: The work is delayed a bit...
[2018-07-24T16:22:53.129Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-07-24T16:23:23.221Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Lionel: Data minimazation paper, bring it to the finish line.
[2018-07-24T16:23:39.212Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Yes, Chris, bring that grad student
[2018-07-24T16:24:57.866Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	We had Shannon as the editor
[2018-07-24T16:25:10.661Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2018-07-24T16:25:18.024Z]	<chrisb>	anyone know if the phone bridges is working?
[2018-07-24T16:25:25.905Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Is he still involved?
[2018-07-24T16:25:39.566Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	I will work Chris offline and push the paper forward.
[2018-07-24T16:25:40.860Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Thanks
[2018-07-24T16:25:46.683Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-07-24T16:26:26.234Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-hackathon-2018
[2018-07-24T16:26:28.519Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-07-24T16:26:31.319Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	JoeAndrieu: BTCR hackathon. Scrum daily via phone.
[2018-07-24T16:27:02.285Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-07-24T16:27:16.944Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	ChrisA: There have been many changes due to the DID spec and resolvers
[2018-07-24T16:27:24.190Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... This changed the "playground" code
[2018-07-24T16:27:43.525Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... The most interesting thing? We have a GoLang-based version of some of the underlying primitives
[2018-07-24T16:28:04.825Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... We can now call a GoLang based service to return various things like a revocation address
[2018-07-24T16:28:16.467Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... (much better than using a rate-limited bitcoin ledger explorer)
[2018-07-24T16:28:25.098Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Worked on adding tests to the playground
[2018-07-24T16:28:49.600Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... A test unit revealed that one verifiable claim was bad.
[2018-07-24T16:28:58.545Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	JoeAndrieu: Attempt to take the playground to the next level.
[2018-07-24T16:29:04.450Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Jupiter based Python playground
[2018-07-24T16:29:30.599Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Electron version of the playground (Electron may be able to do more low level secure things)
[2018-07-24T16:29:58.463Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Collaboration (Wilson did this) to port Song's programming class into javascript
[2018-07-24T16:30:10.960Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... aim is to have markdown snippets that are editable and executable
[2018-07-24T16:30:12.781Z]	<manu>	q+ to ask about tooling...
[2018-07-24T16:30:19.479Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-07-24T16:30:22.170Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-07-24T16:31:21.261Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Where should we focus our efforts? e.g. JSON-LD being fixed
[2018-07-24T16:31:32.401Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... There is a JSON-LD playground with a processor ...
[2018-07-24T16:31:49.130Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-07-24T16:31:50.966Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... VC.JS a javascript library that will be useful in creating verifiable claims
[2018-07-24T16:31:58.646Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	s/Jupiter/Jupyter/
[2018-07-24T16:32:01.480Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... What are the biggest pain points? Can we prioritize our work?
[2018-07-24T16:32:10.839Z]	<chrisb>	fyi, 540-961-4469 is not accepting incoming calls, tried two different phones, I'll have listen to the recording later
[2018-07-24T16:32:28.703Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	tel:+1.540.274.1034;6306
[2018-07-24T16:32:29.954Z]	<jarlath>	I'm having problems with the phone as well
[2018-07-24T16:32:39.524Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	I just posted the current #
[2018-07-24T16:32:41.739Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	ChrisA: Outside VCs, in the DID spec itself, we do not have a context for DIDs, we do not have some schema stuff to refer to making it hard to validate
[2018-07-24T16:32:52.606Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... These things were manageable, though
[2018-07-24T16:33:00.244Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... the more serious missing pieces are around VCs
[2018-07-24T16:33:04.485Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... we are using SecP
[2018-07-24T16:33:11.885Z]	<chrisb>	thx!
[2018-07-24T16:33:21.919Z]	<chrisb>	not sure where I got that other number...
[2018-07-24T16:33:25.762Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: 33b is Chris_Boscolo
[2018-07-24T16:33:26.459Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... what should a signature suite look like? List the public key or the DID URL that references the key?
[2018-07-24T16:33:39.899Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Biggest problem is javascript itself
[2018-07-24T16:34:07.019Z]	<rgrant>	q+ C++ progress
[2018-07-24T16:34:16.680Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-07-24T16:34:25.449Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... a lot of the DID/VC stuff requires the greater security of GoLang or C++
[2018-07-24T16:34:46.300Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... We have no security reviewed cryptographic code for signing JSON-LD
[2018-07-24T16:34:47.079Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack rgrant
[2018-07-24T16:35:11.951Z]	<ChristopherA>	but json-ld in C++
[2018-07-24T16:35:15.629Z]	<ChristopherA>	?
[2018-07-24T16:35:19.388Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-07-24T16:35:25.467Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	RyanG: Contract design is working in C++ code
[2018-07-24T16:35:25.654Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	<my audio just went silent>
[2018-07-24T16:35:35.672Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	back now
[2018-07-24T16:35:42.765Z]	<mike-lodder>	Yes I can
[2018-07-24T16:35:48.199Z]	<jarlath>	Thank you Joe, Manu
[2018-07-24T16:35:54.772Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	JoeAndrieu: Over to Amira
[2018-07-24T16:36:00.124Z]	<manu>	Topic: Amira Use Case
[2018-07-24T16:36:36.939Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Recap: Amira came out of a RWoT user story, and applied information lifecycle engagement model, a 15 stage breakdown of the categories of interaction that a person will go through in interacting with the system
[2018-07-24T16:36:44.412Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2017/blob/master/final-documents/amira.pdf
[2018-07-24T16:36:47.082Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2017/blob/master/final-documents/amira.md
[2018-07-24T16:37:10.139Z]	<rgrant>	rgrant: Digital Contract Design is working on C++ code for a BTCR method resolver, but does not have a clear library to link in JSON-LD.
[2018-07-24T16:37:43.267Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Amira our heroine is a female programmer
[2018-07-24T16:37:53.971Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... the story walks her through the 15 stages.
[2018-07-24T16:38:03.852Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-07-24T16:43:25.481Z]	<manu>	I really like this engagement model because it doesn't presume that the digital world does everything... it blends the physical w/ digital really well.
[2018-07-24T16:43:26.560Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	JoeAndrieu: .. reads through the Amira PDF ...
[2018-07-24T16:50:54.682Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-07-24T16:51:33.050Z]	<manu>	q+ to wonder about Verifiable Credentials for each stage...
[2018-07-24T16:52:17.859Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-07-24T16:52:24.403Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-07-24T16:52:35.364Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Joe concluded.
[2018-07-24T16:52:42.164Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	ChrisA: Adding context.
[2018-07-24T16:52:56.149Z]	<Moses>	Christopher, you are ON in a few minutes at the conference. Please log in ASAP, people are worried.
[2018-07-24T16:53:01.261Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... what is powerful is that anonymous developers participate
[2018-07-24T16:53:13.625Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	(Thanks, Moses!)
[2018-07-24T16:53:15.968Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... real world example when this Indian young woman did a bitcoin app and got attacked on Reddit
[2018-07-24T16:53:37.461Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... often minorities or diverse individuals are locked out
[2018-07-24T16:53:47.842Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	.... Joe did this with Joram a while ago
[2018-07-24T16:54:10.879Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... ChrisA appreciated that it took all the technology "out" in order to highlight the engagement stages
[2018-07-24T16:54:24.938Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... the engagement stages ensure that the non-technical human level is right
[2018-07-24T16:54:41.929Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... we had assurance that the verifiable claims looked right ...
[2018-07-24T16:55:03.941Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-07-24T16:55:28.799Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Many great aspects to this
[2018-07-24T16:55:42.319Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... the strength of this story (idealism) may also be its weakness
[2018-07-24T16:55:53.039Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... some W3C types may see this as too "head in the clouds"
[2018-07-24T16:56:04.989Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... not enough profit, revenue, monetization, efficiencies for existing businesses
[2018-07-24T16:56:11.274Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... cannot square this circle
[2018-07-24T16:56:25.940Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... perhaps, do another engagement model that is more typically business oriented
[2018-07-24T16:56:52.594Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... we need good coverage on typical commercial use cases, so we are ready for this type of scrutiny
[2018-07-24T16:57:12.249Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2018-07-24T16:57:13.049Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... this type of idealism can tar the group
[2018-07-24T16:57:13.123Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Also: We do not have a detailed expanded story for the mainstream 'capitalist' use case
[2018-07-24T16:57:22.869Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... and W3C is very dedicated to good old capitalism
[2018-07-24T16:58:03.807Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Q: how do we map Amira to the technologies being worked on?
[2018-07-24T17:02:20.611Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2018-07-24T17:02:25.639Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: dosconnect 2ff
[2018-07-24T17:02:32.968Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: disconnect 2ff
[2018-07-24T17:02:37.099Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: disconnect 31b
[2018-07-24T17:02:38.099Z] present+ SamanthaMatthewsChase, agropper, cwebber, dcc, chrisb, jungly, drummond, agropper, heather, simonas, dmitriz, jarlath, Yancy, Orgel, cycryptr
