[Tue 11:04:55] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2015Dec/0050.html
[Tue 11:04:55] <manu>	Date: 2015-12-16
[Tue 11:04:56] <dlongley>	scribe: dlongley
[Tue 11:04:58] *	ShaneM has quit (Client closed connection)
[Tue 11:05:04] <voip-vctf>	19014869075 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000447] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:05] <voip-vctf>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000448] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:41] *	erkorb_rm has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:05:42] <dlongley>	manu: We're going to continue going through the proposal; hopefully the last week that we revise it and get buy in. Once we get buy in we're going to invite all the people we wanted to interview. We'll invite in parallel and try to get through interviews as quickly as we can. As soon as we can get through those, we'll cram as much into January as we can.
[Tue 11:06:16] *	ShaneM (~ShaneM@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:06:36] <dlongley>	manu: The order of operations this week seems to be: refine proposal, wrap up today, contact all the people that have said they are concerned about the work we're trying to do. Get input before officially starting task force work. Ratify task force, hopefully WPIG will approve the work seeing broad buy in. Then we'll start constructing all the documents in our work plan. Our work plan is the last agenda item for today. We probably won't get to it today based on speed we're going.
[Tue 11:07:08] <dlongley>	manu: Other administrivia: we do want some of the new participants on this call to introduce themselves, but do so in IRC: type name, org you're associated with, and why you are interested in this work.
[Tue 11:07:23] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:07:24] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dezell
[Tue 11:07:50] *	burn_ (~burn@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:08:07] <manu>	ack dezell
[Tue 11:08:07] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:08:09] <dlongley>	manu: Let me know what you guys think of this, but this will be the last call of the year and we'll take a break until January 12th. Trying to respect the holidays and time off and giving people down time. People have been working hard want to give down time. Proposal is that this week is the last for calls and next call with be January. That doesn't mean no work will happen, just no calls until January 12th.
[Tue 11:08:27] *	ShaneM is having audio challenges.  Working on it.
[Tue 11:08:28] <dlongley>	dezell: I wanted to sort of understand ... we have an IG meeting on Monday, do you feel you'd be ready for us to vote on the task force on Monday?
[Tue 11:08:59] <dlongley>	manu: I think Ian said that he wanted us to get buy in from the folks that have been cranky about this work. That the task force would not be started until we've at least had discussions with them. The hope would be that they'd be interested in the work.
[Tue 11:09:08] *	ShaneM_ (~ShaneM@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:09:41] <dlongley>	manu: It doesn't affect the output of the group. We're not operating officially right now but we don't need to be to collect the data we need. That's just my opinion and a request from W3C staff. If the group feels that we should do something else and we should ask the IG to ratify the group next week that would be one possibility.
[Tue 11:09:48] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:09:48] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:09:56] *	ShaneM__ (~ShaneM@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:10:05] <dlongley>	dezell: Personally I'd like to see this become a task force. It's just a task force, not a big deal. Do you have time frame?
[Tue 11:10:10] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000449] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:22] *	Carla_Casilli (~Carla_Casilli@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:10:25] <dlongley>	manu: Here's the other thing that we should try and do ... we should try and get this task force in front of the IG at SF at the F2F.
[Tue 11:11:46] *	burn has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:12:02] <dlongley>	manu: It would be a great way to co-mingle the people involved in the work. The WPIG is meeting Monday, the WPWG on Tuesday, potentially this group could meet before the IG met (Sunday) but that's not really realistic. Maybe we could do it Thursday but there's a concern that that's too much F2F for all the people. The F2F is at the end of February and we need to figure out if this group is going to have F2F that early and it is a bit premature for this group, we'd really have to get materials together, but it would be missed opportunity I think. We should really get a lot of work done in Jan, and early-mid Feb. Hope would be to go co-locate at Google's facilities as well.
[Tue 11:12:10] <dezell>	q?
[Tue 11:12:10] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley
[Tue 11:12:12] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:12:12] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dlongley, dezell
[Tue 11:12:32] <manu>	dlongley: on the queue to say official task force could be doing interviews - Task Force is supposed to be neutral, I don't see why you can't ask if Task Force be ratified before interviews.
[Tue 11:12:36] <manu>	ack dlongley
[Tue 11:12:36] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:12:48] <manu>	ack dezell
[Tue 11:12:48] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:13:15] *	ShaneM___ (~ShaneM@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:13:40] <dlongley>	dezell: I wanted to say sort of what Dave is saying. I kind of understand what Ian is trying to get. I don't want to take up the time with these kinds of logistics. There is an IG meeting on Monday, the next IG meeting won't be until Jan 11th. If we don't approve the task force on the 21st, then we'll need to do it on the 11th. If it seems like it's in the plan ... would you do the interviews before Jan 11th?
[Tue 11:13:52] <dlongley>	manu: I think we'd wait to get the whole thing approved until Feb if we did that.
[Tue 11:14:25] <dlongley>	dezell: I don't see the problem space as clearly as he does; it seems like you form the task force and you do the work. I'll try and get you a clear answer and circle back around Monday. I don't think waiting until F2F to approve the task force doesn't seem like the right thing.
[Tue 11:14:36] <korb>	korb: What is the advantange of going to Task Force vs Working Group? Or, is that not possible?
[Tue 11:14:45] <dlongley>	manu: I agree, the only reason we're entertaining that is due to a request from W3C staff but maybe that was just a soft ask instead of a hard ask.
[Tue 11:15:01] <dlongley>	manu: Eric, there is no option to going to WG, we have to build the case for WG which is what the Task Force does.
[Tue 11:15:15] <dlongley>	manu: Task Force builds case for if W3C can add value and how to structure the work, etc.
[Tue 11:15:19] <dlongley>	manu: Task Force is next step.
[Tue 11:15:19] <korb>	manu, thx
[Tue 11:15:29] *	ShaneM has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:15:37] <dlongley>	manu: Having said all that, do folks feel like we have enough buy in and consensus on the proposal to just vote on it?
[Tue 11:15:59] <dlongley>	manu: So the task force is formed? That doesn't mean things are set in stone and we still have interviews, etc. and we can be open to go in another direction.
[Tue 11:16:09] *	ShaneM_ has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:16:17] <dlongley>	manu: One approach is to get the Task Force approved and then say that we still need to ensure the problem statement is accurate and we have work to do, etc.
[Tue 11:16:37] <dlongley>	+1 to trying approval at next meeting.
[Tue 11:16:40] <dezell>	I'm comfortable with "we've done all work except the interviews."  Present to the IG, and see what happens.
[Tue 11:16:52] <Greg_Kidd>	+1
[Tue 11:16:52] <bsletten>	+1 approval
[Tue 11:16:54] *	ShaneM__ has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:16:54] <burn_>	don't see why not.  +1 to trying for approval at next meeting
[Tue 11:16:55] <Carla_Casilli>	+1 for next week
[Tue 11:16:58] <dezell>	+1
[Tue 11:16:59] <StuartSutton>	+1
[Tue 11:17:00] <ShaneM___>	+1 for next week
[Tue 11:17:03] <gkellogg>	+1
[Tue 11:17:04] <korb>	+1
[Tue 11:17:48] <cwebber>	+1
[Tue 11:17:04] *	ShaneM___ is now known as ShaneM
[Tue 11:17:37] <manu>	RESOLVED: Request that the Web Payments Interest Group approve the Verifiable Claims Task Force with the caveat that we still need to do interviews before finalizing work and problem statement.
[Tue 11:18:02] <manu>	Topic: Introduction of New Participants
[Tue 11:18:28] <dlongley>	manu: If you haven't been on the call before, please type out, in IRC, your name, organization you're associated with, and why this work is important to you.
[Tue 11:18:34] *	padler forgot to pre type this..
[Tue 11:18:51] <manu>	Topic: Review Deliverables
[Tue 11:18:58] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce
[Tue 11:19:19] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/vctf/
[Tue 11:19:42] <dlongley>	manu: We're continuing through the proposal. As we demonstrate that there's consensus in this group, the sections along with the modifications we make as we approve them, they are being moved over to the VTCF webpage. Looking there now, you should see the stuff we have consensus for.
[Tue 11:19:54] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#Deliverables
[Tue 11:20:02] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-0000044a] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:20:09] *	Guest is now known as NateOtto
[Tue 11:20:14] *	dlongley ok, in a second.
[Tue 11:20:44] <dlongley>	manu: To summarize, we're going to do recorded interviews to bring people in and get opinions. We're going to have a set of questions to give them and have them look at the problem statement, most likely spending an hour on them to get a thorough analysis on what we're doing and make sure we're not missing anything.
[Tue 11:20:47] *	dezell notes that the interviews are a deliverable of the TF here, >not< a deliverable of the deliberations about the task force.
[Tue 11:20:49] <voip-vctf>	19146563103 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000044b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:20:59] <dlongley>	manu: Many of them are key to identity and credentialing initiatives in the past, experts, we want their input.
[Tue 11:21:04] *	dlongley go ahead nate! :)
[Tue 11:21:07] <padler>	Hi All, my name is Pat Adler, I work for the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago and am a member of the Web Payments IG.  I'm interested in this work as I do quite a bit of work with both payments and identity which I believe would both benefit from an open standard on verifiable claims.
[Tue 11:21:14] <dlongley>	scribe: NateOtto
[Tue 11:21:33] *	Erik (~Erik@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:21:36] <NateOtto>	manu: We need to identify benefits for financial, education, and healthcare industries.
[Tue 11:21:48] <NateOtto>	manu: We are going to create a use cases documents. We may create a vision document.
[Tue 11:21:49] <burn_>	q+ to ask why Manu said we will 'try' to get the tech comparisons, when they are listed as (mandatory) deliverables
[Tue 11:21:49] <voip-vctf>	burn_ has been added to the queue: burn_
[Tue 11:22:30] <NateOtto>	manu: That's what this task force is responsible for doing. Once we create that material, the web payments IG will create a charter and a roadmap. They may do that with help from this task force. It will be socialized among the W3C member companies.
[Tue 11:22:30] <manu>	ack burn_
[Tue 11:22:30] <voip-vctf>	burn_ has the floor (to ask why Manu said we will 'try' to get the tech comparisons, when they are listed as (mandatory) deliverables).
[Tue 11:22:47] <bsletten>	Does "widely socialized" mean something specific or is it just best effort?
[Tue 11:23:05] <NateOtto>	manu: I misspoke. It is mandatory that we create them.
[Tue 11:23:29] <NateOtto>	manu: Folks coming into this group will not be able to do a thorough comparison themselves. We need to do this work for them. This is the first question asked by people coming into the group.
[Tue 11:23:56] *	Erik Sorry, Wasnt on my calendar. Dave sent me the invite, thanks Dave.
[Tue 11:23:59] <voip-vctf>	16122174726 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000044c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:24:05] <NateOtto>	manu: "Widely socialized" terminology means we try very hard to get input from advisory committee, chairs of different working groups, w3c membership in general.
[Tue 11:24:12] <ShaneM>	voip: 44c is me
[Tue 11:24:12] <voip-vctf>	Associated ShaneM with SIP/69.71.222.196-0000044c.
[Tue 11:24:24] <NateOtto>	manu: We're going to ask "what do you think of this? Do you think it's a good charter? Do you have any corrections/comments?"
[Tue 11:24:30] <bsletten>	Yes
[Tue 11:24:52] <manu>	voip: 44c is Erik
[Tue 11:24:52] <voip-vctf>	Associated Erik with SIP/69.71.222.196-0000044c.
[Tue 11:24:58] *	Erik Manu, add the link again?
[Tue 11:25:08] *	manu https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#Deliverables
[Tue 11:25:31] <NateOtto>	manu: One of the deliverables is a roadmap document with phases. Hopefully that addresses your concerns.
[Tue 11:25:45] <manu>	PROPOSAL: Adopt the Deliverables in the VCTF wiki as they stand today.
[Tue 11:25:46] <bsletten>	+1 to adopting the deliverables
[Tue 11:25:53] <StuartSutton>	+1
[Tue 11:25:53] <gkellogg>	+1
[Tue 11:25:53] <NateOtto>	+1
[Tue 11:25:54] <collier-matthew>	+1
[Tue 11:25:55] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:25:57] <burn_>	+1
[Tue 11:25:58] <ShaneM>	+1
[Tue 11:25:59] <manu>	+1
[Tue 11:25:59] <Carla_Casilli>	+1
[Tue 11:26:00] <Erik>	+1
[Tue 11:26:01] <dezell>	+1
[Tue 11:26:02] <manu>	Richard: +1
[Tue 11:26:15] <cwebber>	+1
[Tue 11:26:19] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:26:19] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:26:19] <manu>	RESOLVED: Adopt the Deliverables in the VCTF wiki as they stand today.
[Tue 11:26:25] <manu>	ack dlongley
[Tue 11:26:25] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:26:37] <NateOtto>	dlongley: When would a capabilities document be created?
[Tue 11:26:38] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:26:38] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dezell
[Tue 11:27:03] <NateOtto>	manu: Good question; I think it would be good to have a capabilities document. The identity/credentialing capabilities is already part of the Web Payments IG capabilities document.
[Tue 11:27:14] <padler>	q+
[Tue 11:27:14] <voip-vctf>	padler has been added to the queue: dezell, padler
[Tue 11:27:17] <manu>	ack dezell
[Tue 11:27:17] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:27:17] <NateOtto>	manu: .. that could effectively become the VCTF capabilities document
[Tue 11:27:23] *	Greg_Kidd has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:27:25] <dlongley>	"Identify benefits to financial, education, and healthcare industries" does this translate into a capabilities document?
[Tue 11:27:57] <manu>	ack padler
[Tue 11:27:57] <voip-vctf>	padler has the floor.
[Tue 11:28:02] <NateOtto>	dezell: agree with manu. Our desire is to have a single capabilities document across the entire activity, so that anybody who wants to look at it can see which direction the various working groups are running.
[Tue 11:28:41] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000044d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:28:42] <NateOtto>	padler: One of the goals for the existing format is to be able to have a section on credentials. The goal is to have that capabilities document rounded out before we get to the February face-to-face meeting.
[Tue 11:29:08] *	Erik Problem with charters @W3C is rejection comments arent handled via "reasonable" consensus, any negative comment is a panic attack.
[Tue 11:29:17] *	jasonweaver (~jasonweaver@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:29:21] <NateOtto>	padler: It's a little hard to do to get the big picture of everything that's going on, now that there are multiple tracks running in parallel. For anyone who can help, contact padler to get the link to the document and get going.
[Tue 11:30:13] <manu>	Topic: Review Milestones / Timelines
[Tue 11:30:21] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#Milestones_.2F_Timelines
[Tue 11:30:23] <NateOtto>	manu: Erik is bringing up a problem with socializing charters. Folks who react very negatively are giving higher priority than the 25+ people who don't have a problem with the charter. This is just the way it is. W3C has been searching for a solution for this human engineering problem for 2 decades now...
[Tue 11:31:26] <NateOtto>	manu: We've already had to change this because it's taken longer to spin up this task force than we'd hoped. Nov: Discuss proposal, Dec: socialize proposal. After today's call if proposal is approved, we'll start setting up interviews. January, the task force will hopefully be established
[Tue 11:31:54] <NateOtto>	manu: In February, we'll continue to publish all of our findings as we do interviews. Just as we publish minutes for this call, we will publish discussions with Brad Hill, Jeff Hodges, etc. as it happens.
[Tue 11:32:16] <NateOtto>	manu: Then there is a question whether we should co-locate in San Francisco (Google) with the Web Payments IG face-to-face
[Tue 11:32:30] <NateOtto>	manu: March: revising documents from feedback from face-to-face.
[Tue 11:32:51] <NateOtto>	manu: April: Finalize charter, so W3C advisory committee isn't surprised when charter comes across their desks for a vote.
[Tue 11:33:00] <NateOtto>	manu: June: submit charter for W3C Approval
[Tue 11:33:17] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000044e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:33:23] <NateOtto>	manu: the front part of the timeline is very aggressive. The tail end is a bit more leisurely. Often these things take longer than we intend.
[Tue 11:33:28] *	Erik Manu, problem with committing to "Timelines" is, well, Time with W3C groups is nearly impossible to estimate. We should list whats hard dates and whats soft
[Tue 11:33:54] <manu>	PROPOSAL: Adopt the Milestones / Timeline as it stands today in the wiki.
[Tue 11:33:55] <ShaneM>	Have you built in any slack?  Is that what you mean when you say it is loose at the end?
[Tue 11:34:06] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:34:06] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dezell
[Tue 11:34:07] <ShaneM>	thanks!
[Tue 11:34:13] <manu>	ack dezell
[Tue 11:34:13] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:34:15] <NateOtto>	Nate: This timeline puts a lot of the hard work on this at the same time as I've got a lot of other hard work scheduled on different fronts, so it'll be a hard-working January!
[Tue 11:34:43] <NateOtto>	dezell: It might be really helpful if you put some of those milestones on the timeline. Like the face-to-face, and the AC meeting (maybe in April)
[Tue 11:35:05] <NateOtto>	dezell: That is a really important thing to be visible at. Should probably just have a line in the timeline for each.
[Tue 11:35:19] <NateOtto>	manu: How about 22 Feb Face to Face is a hard date in the timeline?
[Tue 11:35:56] <dlongley>	http://www.w3.org/participate/meetings
[Tue 11:36:40] <NateOtto>	dlongley: The link I put in says 20th & 22nd of March in Cambridge, MA
[Tue 11:37:46] <NateOtto>	dezell: It's better to give people a last chance to raise an objection at an AC meeting than to give them a microphone to go crazy.
[Tue 11:38:10] <NateOtto>	manu: What that means for this group, is we're going to have to parallelize almost everything. There will be chaos and hand-wringing, but I have seen it turn out well in the past.
[Tue 11:38:51] <NateOtto>	manu: Ok, I have added two hard dates in there. February Face to Face, and March meeting in Cambridge
[Tue 11:39:01] <NateOtto>	manu: Any other questions/concerns before we approve the timeline
[Tue 11:39:05] <manu>	PROPOSAL: Adopt the Milestones / Timeline as it stands today in the wiki.
[Tue 11:39:08] <bsletten>	+1
[Tue 11:39:11] <gkellogg>	+1
[Tue 11:39:11] <dezell>	+1
[Tue 11:39:11] <NateOtto>	+1
[Tue 11:39:12] <manu>	+1
[Tue 11:39:13] <collier-matthew>	+1
[Tue 11:39:16] <StuartSutton>	+1
[Tue 11:39:17] <ShaneM>	+1
[Tue 11:39:19] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:39:21] <Carla_Casilli>	+1
[Tue 11:39:21] <manu>	Richard: +1
[Tue 11:39:25] <korb>	+1
[Tue 11:39:25] <burn_>	+1
[Tue 11:39:27] <Erik>	+1
[Tue 11:39:39] <manu>	RESOLVED: Adopt the Milestones / Timeline as it stands today in the wiki.
[Tue 11:39:54] <manu>	Topic: Review Benefits for Stakeholders
[Tue 11:40:09] <NateOtto>	manu: Next up, a review of benefits for stakeholders. This is requested by W3C management. I don't see it as critical that we get it absolutely right.
[Tue 11:40:21] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#Benefits_for_Stakeholders
[Tue 11:40:49] <NateOtto>	manu: It is confusing to folks who don't really understand what the upsides are, if we create the ecosystem we are talking about in the proposal. These are the benefits to stakeholders that we've identified by today. There may be more, but this is what we have right now. We expect to identify more things and add to this list.
[Tue 11:41:00] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:41:00] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dezell
[Tue 11:41:02] <NateOtto>	manu: We're not trying to get a perfect list here, just good enough to circulate to other people.
[Tue 11:41:15] <manu>	ack dezell
[Tue 11:41:15] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:41:57] <NateOtto>	dezell: No problem with this list. Go through it. Sight-unseen, a really long list, even if things are important is not as sharp as a strong four-benefit list.
[Tue 11:42:48] <NateOtto>	manu: I'd argue it would take a long time to craft the right sentence from these bullet points, so we could do it later.
[Tue 11:43:06] <NateOtto>	dezell: Probably something that we should all agree that you (manu) should do.
[Tue 11:43:26] <Carla_Casilli>	is there a desired number per main bullet point?
[Tue 11:43:27] <NateOtto>	manu: something we should do together. But maybe someone should take a shot at it that we can discuss
[Tue 11:43:53] <NateOtto>	manu: I don't think so -- there are more benefits for some stakeholder groups than others.
[Tue 11:44:05] <ShaneM>	We should try to ensure this ties back to the problem statement
[Tue 11:44:18] <NateOtto>	manu: As you can see for those lists, everyday people have a lot of benefits. This is really where the w3c excels; the everyday person is their customer.
[Tue 11:44:26] <NateOtto>	manu: agree that this should tie back to the problem statement.
[Tue 11:44:28] <Carla_Casilli>	yes
[Tue 11:45:01] <NateOtto>	manu: one of the stakeholder groups we have added recently is "People": "employees, professionals, property owners, legal guardians..."
[Tue 11:47:05] <NateOtto>	manu: listing benefits from ... https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#Benefits_for_Stakeholders : no provider lock-in, portable usage, privacy-enhanced sharing mechanisms (It's up to the person to share), give people control of confidential informations, elimination of repetitive input on websites (shipping address, email address), reduction in the need to input PII (SSN, Credit Card number, or other secret numbers)...
[Tue 11:47:38] <NateOtto>	manu: Better usability for sites that need to collect data: Part of this is regulatory compliance, part of this is better accessibility for disabled users.
[Tue 11:48:04] *	Erik Identity Provider benefit (not sure how to word smith this).  Interpoerability between Identity Providers becomes a business decision, not a technology limitation.
[Tue 11:48:07] <NateOtto>	manu: Does anyone see a benefit that we missed?
[Tue 11:48:33] <NateOtto>	dlongley: Should something about lowering the cost of managing, acquiring, maintaining these things, be something to touch upon?
[Tue 11:48:44] <NateOtto>	bsletten: I will think about language to propose.
[Tue 11:49:02] <NateOtto>	manu: for Erik's suggestion: try to wordsmith it
[Tue 11:49:28] <ShaneM>	Cost-reductions through credential persistence and verifiability
[Tue 11:49:51] <ShaneM>	yes
[Tue 11:50:02] <NateOtto>	manu: Shane's comment is in relation to what bsletten
[Tue 11:50:04] <NateOtto>	...said
[Tue 11:50:49] <NateOtto>	ShaneM: Maybe "machine verifiability" to highlight capability
[Tue 11:50:50] <ShaneM>	(nice)
[Tue 11:51:20] <NateOtto>	manu: on to Issuers: DMV, government, corporations, education providers...
[Tue 11:52:07] <NateOtto>	manu: Level competitive playing field (not just super-providers). Proposal is that there could be easy entry for new competitors in spaces where verifiable claims are necessary
[Tue 11:52:48] <NateOtto>	manu: Richer set of verifiable claims to choose from -- overall, more powerful than if different sections of the market were siloed between different issuers.
[Tue 11:52:57] <NateOtto>	manu: Avoid vendor-specific solutions and lock-in
[Tue 11:53:15] <NateOtto>	manu: any other benefits to issuers?
[Tue 11:53:33] <NateOtto>	manu: Moving on to consumers
[Tue 11:53:54] <NateOtto>	manu: Consumers are organizations who accept verifiable claims to provide some good, privilege, or service to holders of verifiable claims.
[Tue 11:53:54] <dlongley>	issuers: potential for reduced infrastructure needs
[Tue 11:54:14] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:54:14] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:54:23] <manu>	ack dlongley
[Tue 11:54:24] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:55:12] <Carla_Casilli>	are we going to be revisiting these at a later date?
[Tue 11:55:25] <Carla_Casilli>	great, thx.
[Tue 11:55:25] <NateOtto>	manu: how about "potential for reduced infrastructure needs"
[Tue 11:56:03] <NateOtto>	dlongley: user-centric "architecture" instead of "focus".
[Tue 11:56:20] <NateOtto>	manu: moving onto consumers. 4min left.
[Tue 11:56:23] *	ShaneM has a hard stop at the top of the hour
[Tue 11:57:42] *	Erik Erik has a hard stop on the hour (even though late)
[Tue 11:57:48] <dlongley>	"ability and choice"
[Tue 11:58:25] <korb>	Happy to stay on past hr
[Tue 11:58:44] <NateOtto>	dlongley: Greater "diverisity and trust"
[Tue 11:59:48] <NateOtto>	dlongley: maybe try "Increased ability to trust the authenticity of claims made by a diversifying set of issuers"
[Tue 12:00:04] <voip-vctf>	Dan Burnett [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000433] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:12] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000044d] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:13] <dlongley>	"Increased diversity and choice when establishing trust in authenticity of verifiable claims"
[Tue 12:00:16] <NateOtto>	manu: Moving on to ID providers... level playing field for services competing to demonstrate that they are the best place for users to store their verifiable claims
[Tue 12:00:19] *	jasonweaver has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:00:43] *	burn_ has *not* left the conference
[Tue 12:01:00] *	Erik No. I will
[Tue 12:01:13] <NateOtto>	manu: value-added services: because you're storing personally identifiable information with them, you can potentially be offered benefits.
[Tue 12:01:14] *	Erik later. I will email it
[Tue 12:01:28] <NateOtto>	manu: Finalizing for this call, the list of benefits
[Tue 12:01:55] <manu>	PROPOSAL: Adopt the benefits as they stand now in the wiki with the understanding that we may come back and revise the list as we learn more over the next couple of months.
[Tue 12:01:58] <bsletten>	+1
[Tue 12:01:58] <dlongley>	+1 (should add that infrastructure needs are also reduced for consumers and IdPs)
[Tue 12:02:01] <burn_>	+1
[Tue 12:02:02] <korb>	+1
[Tue 12:02:03] <gkellogg>	+1
[Tue 12:02:04] <collier-matthew>	+1
[Tue 12:02:04] <ShaneM>	+1
[Tue 12:02:04] <korb>	+q
[Tue 12:02:05] <manu>	+1
[Tue 12:02:06] <Erik>	+1
[Tue 12:02:07] <dezell>	+1
[Tue 12:02:09] <Carla_Casilli>	+1 to this version with future revisions as needed
[Tue 12:02:10] <StuartSutton>	+1
[Tue 12:02:13] <korb>	q+
[Tue 12:02:13] <voip-vctf>	korb has been added to the queue: korb
[Tue 12:02:18] <dlehn>	+1
[Tue 12:02:24] <bsletten>	Very minor nit. I'm generally sympathetic to prescriptivism, but I find the use of 'fora' to be off-putting. I realize it is correct, but 'forums' are also recognized as legit. I think we should use the more common term.
[Tue 12:02:35] *	dezell in place of "weeding out" the benefits, may "top 4 use cases" so that the skeptics can see the clear beacon of reason.
[Tue 12:03:21] <NateOtto>	manu: The problem statement makes it clear we're making a user-centric approach here. What we're saying is that's not a good scalable way of addressing that problem.
[Tue 12:03:50] <korb>	k, thx
[Tue 12:03:56] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000044e] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:04:03] <Carla_Casilli>	sorry, hard stop
[Tue 12:04:08] <Carla_Casilli>	thanks.
[Tue 12:04:08] <ShaneM>	me needs to run - good meeting!
[Tue 12:04:09] <NateOtto>	korb: I saw some concern in a previous meeting that there wasn't concensus around that focus. manu: There was wide support -- don't think that's a bad thing, but we can talk more offline.
[Tue 12:04:10] <manu>	RESOLVED: Adopt the benefits as they stand now in the wiki with the understanding that we may come back and revise the list as we learn more over the next couple of months.
[Tue 12:04:25] <voip-vctf>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.110-00000444] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:04:25] <NateOtto>	manu: Next call will be January 12. Hope you all have a decent bit of downtime.
[Tue 12:04:33] <korb>	Happy Hollidays!