[2019-08-08T20:03:49.437Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2019-08-08T20:04:20.184Z]	<Charlie>	Present+
[2019-08-08T20:05:31.250Z]	<drummond>	present+
[2019-08-08T20:06:03.426Z]	<drummond>	markus_sabadello: gave a brief update on the DID Resolution spec
[2019-08-08T20:06:30.985Z]	<manu>	present+
[2019-08-08T20:06:39.271Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2019-08-08T20:06:50.457Z]	<BillBarnhill>	+1 to Rhiaro for dedication
[2019-08-08T20:07:03.260Z]	<BillBarnhill>	present+ Bill Barnhill
[2019-08-08T20:07:08.293Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2019-08-08T20:07:23.819Z]	<rhiaro>	scribe: rhiaro
[2019-08-08T20:07:29.695Z]	<burn>	present+
[2019-08-08T20:07:55.991Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: no substantive contributions from non-ccg-members, please join
[2019-08-08T20:09:34.431Z]	<burn>	scribenick: burn
[2019-08-08T20:10:15.855Z]	<manu>	scribe: burn
[2019-08-08T20:10:35.114Z]	<burn>	drummond: we are here to close any PRs on DID spec
[2019-08-08T20:10:48.229Z]	<burn>	... then goes into a process which Manu will explain :)
[2019-08-08T20:10:51.155Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-08-08T20:10:53.986Z]	<manu>	q-
[2019-08-08T20:11:04.501Z]	<burn>	manu: first we celebrate :)
[2019-08-08T20:11:45.613Z]	<burn>	... editors need to finalize doc.  Then one of the CCG chairs will work with editors to get ready.  All CCG members need to then reaffirm no IPR in spec.
[2019-08-08T20:11:57.787Z]	<burn>	... when DID WG is formed they take it up and go from there.
[2019-08-08T20:12:09.328Z]	<brent>	present+ Brent_Zundel
[2019-08-08T20:12:40.016Z]	<burn>	drummond: if you are W3C member and have not yet support DID WG in the vote, be ashamed!  Vote and return!
[2019-08-08T20:12:53.040Z]	<burn>	... joe, you wanted to go first?
[2019-08-08T20:13:04.057Z]	<burn>	... first PRs then issues?
[2019-08-08T20:13:49.351Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ Joe_Andrieu
[2019-08-08T20:14:21.149Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: issue #255 about DID subject
[2019-08-08T20:14:27.077Z]	<manu>	q+ also 234
[2019-08-08T20:14:31.473Z]	<burn>	... i don't like original language or Daniel's language.
[2019-08-08T20:14:44.160Z]	<burn>	... this is all a draft and the WG can work on it, so not a big deal.
[2019-08-08T20:15:06.415Z]	<burn>	... appreciate Daniel's concern.  Language in spec is backwards from how I would use controller/authorize.
[2019-08-08T20:15:16.442Z]	<burn>	... might want group to be able to authn but not control
[2019-08-08T20:15:22.823Z]	<burn>	s/control/update/
[2019-08-08T20:15:40.313Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T20:15:43.459Z]	<burn>	... suggest deferring as a note to pick up later.
[2019-08-08T20:15:48.730Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/234/files
[2019-08-08T20:15:53.136Z]	<burn>	manu: joe, need input on #234 as well
[2019-08-08T20:16:29.866Z]	<burn>	... 2 comments to address.  Dave Lehn about character breaks, then part about testing.  Probably need to strike the latter paragraph.
[2019-08-08T20:16:38.556Z]	<burn>	... if okay with those changes we will merge.
[2019-08-08T20:16:56.556Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: rubrics aren't supposed to be about conformance.
[2019-08-08T20:18:00.249Z]	<burn>	dlongley: (missed)
[2019-08-08T20:18:38.124Z]	<dlongley>	s/(missed)/Does it say "This section is non-normative" -- it would be good to say that if not provided the rest of the section is also non-normative./
[2019-08-08T20:18:57.126Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: the DID spec will indicate what methods must do to be conformant, but there is not test suite for that.
[2019-08-08T20:19:06.406Z]	<burn>	manu: specs don't talk about test suites
[2019-08-08T20:19:27.492Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: we got there from Tony's comments about needing a testable way to do things.
[2019-08-08T20:19:35.447Z]	<burn>	drummond: this language was brought over from charter.
[2019-08-08T20:19:49.483Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T20:19:49.548Z]	<burn>	manu: which can talk about test suites, but not spec
[2019-08-08T20:19:54.018Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2019-08-08T20:20:06.049Z]	<burn>	manu: if joe is okay with removing, good
[2019-08-08T20:20:13.055Z]	<burn>	... remove test suite statements
[2019-08-08T20:20:29.209Z]	<burn>	... dlehn's 80 character stuff is editorial.
[2019-08-08T20:20:44.021Z]	<burn>	... conformance vs. interop.  Let's leave as-is.  We can move if we need to.
[2019-08-08T20:20:57.021Z]	<burn>	... PR is okay as-is, I think.  Any objections?
[2019-08-08T20:21:02.994Z]	<burn>	(no objections)
[2019-08-08T20:21:34.321Z]	<burn>	manu: reviewed all the PRs (except brand new one), we are good
[2019-08-08T20:21:50.253Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: escaping to do real work
[2019-08-08T20:22:02.230Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T20:22:15.329Z]	<burn>	manu: merging #234
[2019-08-08T20:22:38.671Z]	<burn>	drummond: oldest to newest
[2019-08-08T20:22:54.553Z]	<burn>	s/old/continuing, old/
[2019-08-08T20:23:07.798Z]	<burn>	manu: starting at 234 and moving up
[2019-08-08T20:23:13.270Z]	<burn>	drummond: #237
[2019-08-08T20:23:33.994Z]	<burn>	manu: we got rid of delegates section entirely, so should remove.  just delete the li.
[2019-08-08T20:23:55.802Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello: there is an alternate PR.
[2019-08-08T20:24:09.943Z]	<burn>	manu: will close in preference for PR 249
[2019-08-08T20:24:22.850Z]	<burn>	... any objections?
[2019-08-08T20:24:29.068Z]	<burn>	(no objections)
[2019-08-08T20:24:40.053Z]	<burn>	#246
[2019-08-08T20:24:44.975Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/246/files
[2019-08-08T20:24:55.014Z]	<burn>	drummond: pure editorial.  will merge.
[2019-08-08T20:25:17.211Z]	<burn>	#249
[2019-08-08T20:25:33.330Z]	<manu>	+1 to merge
[2019-08-08T20:25:36.377Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello: replaced 237.
[2019-08-08T20:25:39.552Z]	<burn>	manu: +1 merge
[2019-08-08T20:25:47.423Z]	<burn>	(no objections)
[2019-08-08T20:26:06.152Z]	<burn>	drummond: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/250
[2019-08-08T20:26:07.648Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/250/files
[2019-08-08T20:26:15.510Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q?
[2019-08-08T20:26:26.160Z]	<burn>	drummond: any objections?
[2019-08-08T20:26:30.568Z]	<burn>	(no objections)
[2019-08-08T20:27:02.078Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/251/files
[2019-08-08T20:27:30.675Z]	<burn>	manu: Ted did cleanup, indentation, etc.
[2019-08-08T20:27:36.423Z]	<burn>	... +1 merge
[2019-08-08T20:27:41.029Z]	<rhiaro>	it's probably goign to cause lots of merge conflicts for the next ones though
[2019-08-08T20:27:41.871Z]	<burn>	(no objections)
[2019-08-08T20:27:43.882Z]	<rhiaro>	:D
[2019-08-08T20:28:01.527Z]	<burn>	#253
[2019-08-08T20:28:02.754Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/253
[2019-08-08T20:28:36.265Z]	<burn>	danielhardman: read through whole spec.  The current sentence confused me.  Attempted to clarify.
[2019-08-08T20:29:14.278Z]	<burn>	manu: he also merged in updates we discussed.  Needs rebase after our other merges.
[2019-08-08T20:29:29.553Z]	<burn>	... will merge once that's done.
[2019-08-08T20:29:39.285Z]	<burn>	(griping from Daniel Hardman about too many rebases . . .)
[2019-08-08T20:30:00.337Z]	<burn>	(no objections to merge after rebase)
[2019-08-08T20:30:18.067Z]	<burn>	#254
[2019-08-08T20:30:19.799Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/254/files
[2019-08-08T20:30:52.402Z]	<burn>	danielhardman: the sentence was not as strong as I thought we intended.  TRied to strengthen.
[2019-08-08T20:30:57.922Z]	<burn>	manu: +1 merge
[2019-08-08T20:32:52.034Z]	<burn>	(no objections to merge)
[2019-08-08T20:33:07.952Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/255/files
[2019-08-08T20:33:10.177Z]	<burn>	#255
[2019-08-08T20:33:26.803Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T20:33:46.453Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-08-08T20:33:57.447Z]	<burn>	danielhardman: agree with Joe.  Better to defer since it is fairly complicated.  If we can close today good, but better to defer and get right.
[2019-08-08T20:33:57.835Z]	<dlongley>	+1 to being crispy
[2019-08-08T20:33:59.265Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-08-08T20:34:03.234Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-08-08T20:34:05.537Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-08-08T20:34:23.524Z]	<rhiaro>	+1 incremental improvements
[2019-08-08T20:34:26.082Z]	<dlongley>	q+
[2019-08-08T20:34:33.744Z]	<burn>	manu: agree.  q is whether it makes spec better.  it's more wrong not to make this change, even though it's still not perfect. +1 merge
[2019-08-08T20:34:38.649Z]	<drummond>	ack drummond
[2019-08-08T20:35:12.863Z]	<rhiaro>	+1 entity identified by the DID
[2019-08-08T20:35:18.952Z]	<burn>	drummond: +1.  checking with group that term DID subject is the entity identifiied by DID.  Is that right?
[2019-08-08T20:35:22.411Z]	<manu>	+1 entity identified by DID
[2019-08-08T20:35:25.985Z]	<burn>	+1
[2019-08-08T20:36:06.397Z]	<burn>	drummond: given that, there are areas like what Daniel is addressing.  DID controller we want to use for entity(ies) in control of DID document?
[2019-08-08T20:36:09.580Z]	<manu>	+1 DID controller is in control of DID Document.
[2019-08-08T20:36:18.888Z]	<dlongley>	+1 and +1 not necessarily the same entity.
[2019-08-08T20:36:20.748Z]	<burn>	... and the subject and controller may be different
[2019-08-08T20:36:41.692Z]	<burn>	... think this is what Daniel is clarifying
[2019-08-08T20:36:44.798Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T20:36:53.185Z]	<drummond>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-08-08T20:36:55.551Z]	<BillBarnhill>	Elsewhere I have seen data authority, and designated data authority for a similar thing
[2019-08-08T20:37:07.397Z]	<rhiaro>	I made a new PR to fix that https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/261
[2019-08-08T20:37:23.426Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: ^^
[2019-08-08T20:37:24.994Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello: agree it makes it better and should merge.  2 qusetions: spec now says DID subject is identifier the DID is about.
[2019-08-08T20:37:37.986Z]	<burn>	drummond: Amy will address in #261
[2019-08-08T20:37:54.547Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello, I also added Subject to terms in my PR, but not Controller
[2019-08-08T20:38:10.286Z]	<drummond>	+1 to adding "DID subject" and "DID controller" to the Terminology section.
[2019-08-08T20:38:14.231Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello: should we add DID subject and controller to terminology section?  The latter was an issue since we merged PRs that talked about controllers without a term definition.
[2019-08-08T20:38:16.861Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T20:38:27.158Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-08-08T20:38:44.776Z]	<drummond>	ack dlongley
[2019-08-08T20:39:06.036Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T20:39:09.660Z]	<burn>	dlongley: okay with merge.  Thinks this new text is different but not necessarily better.  Changing to prover's perspective.  Both are problematic, but could accept (since neither is worse).
[2019-08-08T20:39:10.560Z]	<drummond>	ack drummond
[2019-08-08T20:39:23.206Z]	<manu>	we should add an issue for this.
[2019-08-08T20:39:27.884Z]	<burn>	drummond: I would hope to have noticed this myself had I read through the doc :(
[2019-08-08T20:39:46.796Z]	<burn>	... this is an important hole to have filled before going to DID WG
[2019-08-08T20:39:52.977Z]	<drummond>	ack drummond
[2019-08-08T20:39:56.347Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T20:40:39.284Z]	<burn>	burn: wasn't Joe objecting before he left?
[2019-08-08T20:40:51.481Z]	<burn>	manu: he said he didn't like it, not that he objected.
[2019-08-08T20:41:13.085Z]	<burn>	... no real danger in merging though given the rest of the group
[2019-08-08T20:41:33.610Z]	<burn>	drummond: this is an issue, and I would rather have this change now .
[2019-08-08T20:41:50.661Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T20:41:59.465Z]	<burn>	... should also get in definitions for subject/controller, but that is separate issue
[2019-08-08T20:42:16.595Z]	<burn>	... didn't hear joe say no.
[2019-08-08T20:42:26.141Z]	<burn>	drummond: any objections?
[2019-08-08T20:42:29.846Z]	<burn>	(no objections)
[2019-08-08T20:43:21.232Z]	<burn>	#256
[2019-08-08T20:43:34.754Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-08-08T20:43:54.586Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/256/files
[2019-08-08T20:43:56.906Z]	<burn>	drummond: #256 and #257 are connected.
[2019-08-08T20:44:06.460Z]	<burn>	s/drummond/markus_sabadello/
[2019-08-08T20:44:36.721Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello: there is section about data model as separate from the rest.  That section is empty.  Amy suggested removing or add some initial content.
[2019-08-08T20:44:48.122Z]	<burn>	... 256 is the former, 257 is the latter
[2019-08-08T20:45:20.155Z]	<burn>	manu: 256 has preference for non merging
[2019-08-08T20:45:23.279Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/257/files
[2019-08-08T20:45:29.801Z]	<burn>	... 257 seems to be preferred.
[2019-08-08T20:45:30.488Z]	<BillBarnhill>	+1 for the 257 version. Nice work Amy
[2019-08-08T20:45:45.461Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q?
[2019-08-08T20:45:49.380Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2019-08-08T20:45:53.392Z]	<dlongley>	+1 to merge 257
[2019-08-08T20:46:03.373Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-08-08T20:46:05.083Z]	<burn>	brent gives verbal +1
[2019-08-08T20:46:22.339Z]	<rhiaro>	+1
[2019-08-08T20:46:28.533Z]	<burn>	drummond: proposal is not merge 256 and to merge 257.
[2019-08-08T20:46:33.022Z]	<burn>	(no objections)
[2019-08-08T20:46:35.592Z]	<dlongley>	s/brent gives/daniel gives/
[2019-08-08T20:47:18.401Z]	<burn>	drummond: offers generous food offers to Amy for her work
[2019-08-08T20:47:26.965Z]	<burn>	s/off/(off/
[2019-08-08T20:47:35.019Z]	<burn>	s/work/work)/
[2019-08-08T20:47:48.724Z]	<burn>	manu: some merge conflicts, will merge when fixed
[2019-08-08T20:48:03.696Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/258/files
[2019-08-08T20:48:04.480Z]	<burn>	drummond: #258
[2019-08-08T20:48:23.495Z]	<burn>	manu: +1 merge
[2019-08-08T20:48:28.508Z]	<dlongley>	+1
[2019-08-08T20:48:42.900Z]	<burn>	(no objections)
[2019-08-08T20:48:45.034Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-08-08T20:49:04.492Z]	<dmitriz1>	+1
[2019-08-08T20:49:19.198Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/259/files
[2019-08-08T20:49:20.135Z]	<burn>	drummond: #259
[2019-08-08T20:49:27.550Z]	<burn>	s/offers gen/makes gen/
[2019-08-08T20:50:31.421Z]	<burn>	manu: just like what we did in VC spec.  Concern was if folks copied it wouldn't work.  CSS magic removes the comments when you copy
[2019-08-08T20:50:48.941Z]	<burn>	danielhardman: cool trick
[2019-08-08T20:51:03.081Z]	<burn>	drummond: manu gets food too :)
[2019-08-08T20:51:44.352Z]	<burn>	(no objections to merging)
[2019-08-08T20:52:07.856Z]	<rhiaro>	I put some more in
[2019-08-08T20:52:10.164Z]	<rhiaro>	refresh
[2019-08-08T20:52:24.505Z]	<burn>	drummond: #260
[2019-08-08T20:52:59.811Z]	<burn>	drummond: let's see if we can agree and merge live
[2019-08-08T20:53:33.381Z]	<burn>	q+
[2019-08-08T20:53:37.254Z]	<burn>	manu: +1 merge
[2019-08-08T20:54:21.120Z]	<burn>	drummond: on line 2090 why spelling out DID registry?
[2019-08-08T20:54:26.224Z]	<rhiaro>	which line?
[2019-08-08T20:54:29.141Z]	<rhiaro>	probably just a bug
[2019-08-08T20:54:40.834Z]	<rhiaro>	yeah I can fix that
[2019-08-08T20:54:54.563Z]	<burn>	... Amy will fix
[2019-08-08T20:55:18.188Z]	<drummond>	ack burn
[2019-08-08T20:55:47.909Z]	<burn>	burn: do we follow 80 char guideline ?
[2019-08-08T20:56:13.313Z]	<burn>	manu:  yes, 75 chars or less.  most editors do that.  urls don't, of course.
[2019-08-08T20:56:35.638Z]	<burn>	... easier for workflow to do that.  shows up cleanly in PRs and command-line editors.
[2019-08-08T20:56:47.520Z]	<ken>	Works well with punched cards.
[2019-08-08T20:56:52.034Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T20:57:35.016Z]	<burn>	drummond: Any objections? (after the Amy fix)
[2019-08-08T20:57:57.703Z]	<burn>	(no objections)
[2019-08-08T20:58:11.858Z]	<burn>	drummond: #261
[2019-08-08T20:58:45.845Z]	<dhh1128>	real programmers use IRC :-)
[2019-08-08T21:00:00.643Z]	<burn>	drummond: offers to buy dinner for all
[2019-08-08T21:00:13.708Z]	<burn>	s/drummond: offers to buy dinner for all//
[2019-08-08T21:00:14.036Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond, those will be fixed by rebase
[2019-08-08T21:00:17.061Z]	<dhh1128>	drummond: *promises* to buy dinner for all
[2019-08-08T21:00:37.195Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T21:00:46.521Z]	<burn>	drummond: any objections?
[2019-08-08T21:00:54.164Z]	<dhh1128>	+1 to merge
[2019-08-08T21:01:03.041Z]	<rhiaro>	yep I'll do that manu
[2019-08-08T21:01:05.464Z]	<burn>	manu: Amy, look at the wrap with the <a> tag
[2019-08-08T21:01:07.789Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-08-08T21:01:17.963Z]	<burn>	(no objections)
[2019-08-08T21:01:28.116Z]	<burn>	drummond: #262
[2019-08-08T21:02:08.769Z]	<manu>	+1 to merge... we may want to rework the definition a bit, but it's very close.
[2019-08-08T21:02:23.896Z]	<dlongley>	+1 same thoughts
[2019-08-08T21:02:33.187Z]	<burn>	is it only the DID document?  We used to say the DID itself
[2019-08-08T21:02:50.936Z]	<burn>	but I will not object since this is a good start
[2019-08-08T21:02:55.754Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-08-08T21:03:04.159Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-08-08T21:03:58.854Z]	<burn>	manu: getting into semantics, shouldn't now.  DID itself controlled by ledger or its rules.  Ledger decides how to update DID document.  This is correct, but being in control of DID itself is less correct than what is in PR
[2019-08-08T21:03:59.996Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-08-08T21:04:05.579Z]	<drummond>	ack drummond
[2019-08-08T21:04:09.990Z]	<ken>	q+
[2019-08-08T21:04:12.175Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-08-08T21:04:15.152Z]	<burn>	I disagree with DID assessment but agree with merge
[2019-08-08T21:04:27.033Z]	<burn>	s/DID assessment/Manu's DID assessment/
[2019-08-08T21:05:17.039Z]	<brent>	I think control of a DID vs control of a DID document are subtly different.
[2019-08-08T21:05:32.984Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T21:05:34.997Z]	<burn>	drummond: "one or more entities in control of DID document".  "can be" is tripping me up
[2019-08-08T21:05:35.720Z]	<manu>	+1 to "One or more entities in control of a DID Document"
[2019-08-08T21:05:51.618Z]	<burn>	ken: markus and I both noted that decentralized identifier registry should be DID registry
[2019-08-08T21:05:52.967Z]	<manu>	agree w/ Drummond's updated definition as better.
[2019-08-08T21:05:53.680Z]	<rhiaro>	that will aaaall be fixed by rebase
[2019-08-08T21:05:57.158Z]	<burn>	drummond: good catch
[2019-08-08T21:06:40.718Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T21:06:42.356Z]	<burn>	all is good, rebase will handle
[2019-08-08T21:06:50.413Z]	<drummond>	ack ken
[2019-08-08T21:06:54.926Z]	<drummond>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-08-08T21:07:11.291Z]	<brent>	q+
[2019-08-08T21:07:28.567Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello: disagree with "control of DID document" instead of "control of DID".  DID auth, etc. also included.
[2019-08-08T21:07:41.848Z]	<burn>	drummond: I have often talked about control of DID to mean everything related.
[2019-08-08T21:07:45.043Z]	<burn>	(that was my point)
[2019-08-08T21:07:45.622Z]	<BillBarnhill>	Can't the controller of a DID be a different entity than controller of a DID document?
[2019-08-08T21:07:52.311Z]	<drummond>	ack brent
[2019-08-08T21:08:05.609Z]	<burn>	brent: Agree with Markus that control of DID doc is different from control of DID
[2019-08-08T21:08:42.066Z]	<burn>	drummond: are we proposing changes now?
[2019-08-08T21:08:42.705Z]	<BillBarnhill>	Sorry, I tend to like writing a response than speaking, easier for me
[2019-08-08T21:08:43.361Z]	<dlongley>	q+
[2019-08-08T21:08:56.931Z]	<drummond>	ack dlongley
[2019-08-08T21:09:09.579Z]	<burn>	dlongley: gets confusing when you say "in control of DID" because not clear what that means.
[2019-08-08T21:09:17.294Z]	<rhiaro>	if someone can write a couple of examples of what "being in control" means that would help the dfn
[2019-08-08T21:09:21.770Z]	<manu>	+1 to dlongley
[2019-08-08T21:09:22.558Z]	<burn>	... we understand, but others may not.
[2019-08-08T21:09:31.129Z]	<rhiaro>	q+
[2019-08-08T21:09:35.489Z]	<burn>	... you are in control over what is expressed in DID document.  tricky language
[2019-08-08T21:09:44.944Z]	<burn>	q+ to propose merge now and fix later
[2019-08-08T21:09:55.266Z]	<rhiaro>	if someone can write a couple of examples of what "being in control" means that would help the dfn. I wanted to but wasn't sure exactly what to write
[2019-08-08T21:10:35.803Z]	<brent>	An entity who ca prove control of a DID?
[2019-08-08T21:10:36.170Z]	<rhiaro>	I really wanted to try not to define controller as "entity in control of" because it's self describing
[2019-08-08T21:10:46.642Z]	<dlongley>	brent: that's closer... but probably still confusing to non-DID experts
[2019-08-08T21:11:05.409Z]	<burn>	drummond: let's see if we can finish this out and get a bit better language
[2019-08-08T21:11:11.606Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T21:11:14.391Z]	<markus_sabadello>	+1 to discuss a bit more
[2019-08-08T21:11:16.780Z]	<rhiaro>	q-
[2019-08-08T21:11:17.523Z]	<burn>	... but don't bikeshed too long
[2019-08-08T21:11:21.675Z]	<drummond>	ack rhiaro
[2019-08-08T21:11:26.582Z]	<drummond>	ack burn
[2019-08-08T21:11:27.947Z]	<manu>	"One or more entities, including possibly the DID Subject, that is capable of modifying the DID Document.
[2019-08-08T21:11:31.321Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-08-08T21:12:01.784Z]	<burn>	burn: proposed to merge and fix later but not opposed to spending a few minutes if productive
[2019-08-08T21:12:16.586Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-08-08T21:12:25.825Z]	<dlongley>	you can't "control" and identifier, anyone can use it ... but not anyone can authenticate as it and so on... you can control the information expressed when you dereference that DID (which is done unambiguously to a DID Document)
[2019-08-08T21:12:36.455Z]	<dlongley>	s/and identifier/an identifier/
[2019-08-08T21:12:49.492Z]	<burn>	manu: if you control DID doc you control all aspects of a DID
[2019-08-08T21:12:59.027Z]	<dhh1128>	q+
[2019-08-08T21:13:00.877Z]	<BillBarnhill>	Control to me means the decider of whether an activity can occur. As was mentioned, I am not the controller of my DID document for the copying activity. I may be the controller of my DID document for the editing activity, though I may delegate control of certain portions of my DID document to a third party, in which case that party becomes controller of that section of the DID document.
[2019-08-08T21:13:03.291Z]	<burn>	... modifying the DID document is the correct example here.
[2019-08-08T21:13:15.780Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-08-08T21:13:19.181Z]	<brent>	true, but I can be a "DID controller" without being able to modify the DID document.
[2019-08-08T21:13:33.874Z]	<burn>	... as far as veres one is concerned, the controller can modify the DID document, full stop
[2019-08-08T21:13:41.762Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T21:13:45.926Z]	<burn>	... added language in the thread
[2019-08-08T21:13:49.449Z]	<drummond>	ack dhh1128
[2019-08-08T21:13:55.496Z]	<BillBarnhill>	@brent, true. I was speaking of being DID document controller, not DID controller.
[2019-08-08T21:14:16.918Z]	<dlongley>	q+
[2019-08-08T21:14:21.847Z]	<burn>	danielhardman: don't agree with that example.  it is possible to make it so that no individual party can modify but a collective group can.  in that case the group functions differently than the idea of a controller
[2019-08-08T21:14:27.247Z]	<dlongley>	group is just the controller.
[2019-08-08T21:14:31.358Z]	<manu>	q+ to say the group is the controller.
[2019-08-08T21:14:41.083Z]	<dlongley>	q- to let manu say it
[2019-08-08T21:14:42.299Z]	<dlongley>	q-
[2019-08-08T21:14:46.041Z]	<burn>	... second, example undermines the notion of DID auth.
[2019-08-08T21:15:09.885Z]	<burn>	... third, I think this definition is what made Joe uncomfortable and he wants to discuss.
[2019-08-08T21:15:12.962Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T21:15:17.851Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-08-08T21:15:36.397Z]	<burn>	manu: for group controller use (multi-sig), that group would be the controller
[2019-08-08T21:15:41.750Z]	<BillBarnhill>	@dhh1128, agreed. I would say though that a group, or a community, can be treated as a distinct individual entity (and in some cases should be). So the group could be a Controller
[2019-08-08T21:15:42.179Z]	<dlongley>	i think it's interesting that we're probably ALL on the same page here, but we're just not yet able to express this clearly to other people :P
[2019-08-08T21:15:44.520Z]	<drummond>	+1 to the option that the group is the controller
[2019-08-08T21:15:48.016Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-08-08T21:16:00.928Z]	<burn>	... controller would point to a authn mechanism that would require the group.
[2019-08-08T21:16:18.717Z]	<burn>	... new definition can be confusing.  we need to discuss this more.
[2019-08-08T21:16:38.205Z]	<burn>	... controller can authenticate (rewrite entire DID doc to be anything they want)
[2019-08-08T21:16:46.753Z]	<brent>	Can't be a "DID controller" without being able to modify the DID document?
[2019-08-08T21:16:57.365Z]	<dhh1128>	q+
[2019-08-08T21:17:03.997Z]	<burn>	... entities that are not the DID controller can authn as that DID as well
[2019-08-08T21:17:23.851Z]	<burn>	... if I am controller but put daniel's key in authn mechanisms he can authn as my DID
[2019-08-08T21:17:34.390Z]	<drummond>	Proposed new wording: "The entities, or a group of entities, in control of a DID Document. Note that the DID Controller may or may not include the DID Subject."
[2019-08-08T21:17:38.111Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T21:17:40.413Z]	<burn>	... in all cases it is true that controller is one or more entities that can modify DID document.
[2019-08-08T21:17:49.450Z]	<burn>	... daniel and joe's concern is a good one.
[2019-08-08T21:17:56.910Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T21:18:53.730Z]	<dlongley>	you can only authenticate as the DID subject if there's an "authentication" verification method expressed in the DID document
[2019-08-08T21:18:56.120Z]	<burn>	drummond: longer-term discussion about authn in general is very important.  however, establishing _now_ what I typed above is important.
[2019-08-08T21:19:09.332Z]	<burn>	... maybe it means more, but it at least means that.
[2019-08-08T21:19:24.333Z]	<BillBarnhill>	It sounds like we have separate entity roles: DID Principal (can authenticate using DID), DID Owner (can modify portions of DID document delegated to them), DID Authority (can delegate DID and DID document permissioned capabilities to other entities)
[2019-08-08T21:19:30.102Z]	<burn>	... we have property named controller that takes a DID as the value for that property.
[2019-08-08T21:19:37.501Z]	<drummond>	ack drummond
[2019-08-08T21:19:40.999Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T21:19:42.542Z]	<burn>	... want to make sure we capture that much
[2019-08-08T21:19:46.028Z]	<manu>	-q BillBarnhill -- slippery slope we don't want to go down :)
[2019-08-08T21:19:47.638Z]	<drummond>	ack dhh1128
[2019-08-08T21:20:10.389Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-08-08T21:20:18.126Z]	<dlongley>	what does it mean to "control a DID"?
[2019-08-08T21:20:22.189Z]	<manu>	BillBarnhill -- slippery slope that we don't want to go down :)
[2019-08-08T21:20:22.767Z]	<brent>	I am also uncomfortable in the same way that Daniel is.
[2019-08-08T21:20:24.755Z]	<burn>	dhh1128: what you and manu are arguing is what I am concerned about.  controller is of DID, not DID document.  You could say control of DID is by controlling the document, but that's just a mechanism
[2019-08-08T21:20:42.657Z]	<dlongley>	q+
[2019-08-08T21:20:53.741Z]	<drummond>	Revised revised proposal: Proposed new wording: "The entities, or a group of entities, in control of a DID by virtue of controlling a DID Document. Note that the DID Controller may or may not include the DID Subject."
[2019-08-08T21:20:54.089Z]	<burn>	... you can authz other people to control (manu said).  but the way you do that is by adding them as controllers.
[2019-08-08T21:21:04.868Z]	<BillBarnhill>	-q Manu - In what way?
[2019-08-08T21:21:08.114Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T21:21:15.606Z]	<drummond>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-08-08T21:21:27.036Z]	<manu>	BillBarnhill, terminology overload...
[2019-08-08T21:21:35.894Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello: agree with dhh1128.  not about only the DID doc, but also DID auth, services, etc.
[2019-08-08T21:21:45.650Z]	<brent>	+1 to Markus
[2019-08-08T21:21:47.348Z]	<burn>	... controller as explained by manu sounds method specific
[2019-08-08T21:22:07.804Z]	<burn>	... wonder how many methods would agree with this.
[2019-08-08T21:22:12.558Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T21:22:21.434Z]	<drummond>	ack dlongley
[2019-08-08T21:22:45.665Z]	<manu>	q+ time check... can we get *something* into the spec, even if it's vague?
[2019-08-08T21:22:49.862Z]	<burn>	dlongley: authn property is different from controller property.  if you specify other fine graned controls (missed)
[2019-08-08T21:23:28.894Z]	<BillBarnhill>	manu, I can understand the danger of that there. Might need that level of terminology granularity though, when discussion permissions and policy controls.
[2019-08-08T21:23:37.819Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T21:23:41.670Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-08-08T21:23:58.091Z]	<burn>	manu: let's go back to PR and get something in that is an improvement over nothing.
[2019-08-08T21:24:13.036Z]	<burn>	... Amy's original is appropriately vague.  We can work through it in WG
[2019-08-08T21:24:14.585Z]	<markus_sabadello>	"One or more entities can be in control of a DID and/or DID Document" ?
[2019-08-08T21:24:17.639Z]	<dhh1128>	+1 on merging as is
[2019-08-08T21:24:20.807Z]	<burn>	+1 from burn to merge
[2019-08-08T21:24:31.707Z]	<dlongley>	the "authentication" property is for enabling authenticating as the DID subject; it allows expressing verification methods (public keys) to authenticate with ... the "controller" property instead expresses the root of authority for the DID document ... and is only present if there are no other fine grained controls in the DID document that are used to express verification methods for updating the DID document or so on.
[2019-08-08T21:24:47.075Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T21:24:56.121Z]	<ken>	+1 to merge and refine later.
[2019-08-08T21:25:03.298Z]	<manu>	Yes, and the semantics are important here... we can't use the same semantics for different purposes in different DID Methods.
[2019-08-08T21:25:15.920Z]	<manu>	+1 to merge and refine later
[2019-08-08T21:25:34.596Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-08-08T21:25:50.506Z]	<drummond>	Revised revised revised proposal: "The entities, or a group of entities, in control of a DID and/or DID Document. Note that the DID Controller may or may not include the DID Subject."
[2019-08-08T21:25:57.523Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello:
[2019-08-08T21:25:58.645Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T21:26:04.057Z]	<drummond>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-08-08T21:26:21.345Z]	<dlongley>	+1 to drummond's proposal, good enough for now
[2019-08-08T21:26:25.435Z]	<BillBarnhill>	Are we doing a WG Recommended Considerations style document to accompany the draft DID spec? Something that documents thoughts on sections of the spec, such as the need to work on the definition of DID controller? Or is that not typically done?
[2019-08-08T21:26:27.523Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello: like proposal
[2019-08-08T21:26:43.577Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T21:26:46.244Z]	<dhh1128>	+1 to Drummond's proposal
[2019-08-08T21:26:47.861Z]	<markus_sabadello>	+1
[2019-08-08T21:26:54.596Z]	<BillBarnhill>	+1 to Drummond's proposal to get something in now
[2019-08-08T21:26:54.808Z]	<manu>	BillBarnhill, typically not needed because most of us are going to migrate into the DID WG.
[2019-08-08T21:26:55.630Z]	<codenamedmitri>	+1
[2019-08-08T21:26:56.899Z]	<burn>	+0
[2019-08-08T21:27:05.190Z]	<ken>	+1 to drummond's proposal
[2019-08-08T21:27:12.250Z]	<manu>	BillBarnhill, anything else should be captured in issues in Github... that transfers the knowledge to the WG appropriately.
[2019-08-08T21:27:15.374Z]	<manu>	+1
[2019-08-08T21:27:19.618Z]	<codenamedmitri>	irc is the controller of my identifier :(
[2019-08-08T21:27:34.025Z]	<burn>	drummond: any objections to drummond's most recent text
[2019-08-08T21:27:49.336Z]	<burn>	drummond: "The entities, or a group of entities, in control of a DID and/or DID Document. Note that the DID Controller may or may not include the DID Subject."
[2019-08-08T21:27:56.264Z]	<rhiaro>	I am applying it now
[2019-08-08T21:28:20.090Z]	<BillBarnhill>	Manu, makes sense. My company is not a W3C member, which I believe means I cannot be on WG.
[2019-08-08T21:28:24.336Z]	<burn>	drummond: that was the last PR
[2019-08-08T21:28:36.626Z]	<manu>	BillBarnhill, you can be an Invited Expert...
[2019-08-08T21:28:42.867Z]	<burn>	... thanks Amy for the great start on this
[2019-08-08T21:28:45.048Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T21:28:47.515Z]	<rhiaro>	wait drummond
[2019-08-08T21:28:54.631Z]	<rhiaro>	is it supposed to say "the entity" at the start not "the entities"?
[2019-08-08T21:28:56.033Z]	<manu>	BillBarnhill, and you can engage in issue tracker/reviews/etc... you can still participate, ping me if you want to know how :)
[2019-08-08T21:29:15.531Z]	<rhiaro>	The entity, or a group of entities, in control of a DID and/or <a>DID Document</a>. Note that the DID Controller may or may not include the <a>DID Subject</a>.
[2019-08-08T21:29:21.400Z]	<rhiaro>	last call for ^
[2019-08-08T21:29:27.113Z]	<manu>	+1
[2019-08-08T21:29:35.272Z]	<ken>	+1
[2019-08-08T21:29:35.473Z]	<burn>	+0.5
[2019-08-08T21:29:35.606Z]	<BillBarnhill>	manu, that would be great. I'll take you up on the sidebar on the mechanics of how, thank you.
[2019-08-08T21:29:44.532Z]	<manu>	+1 BillBarnhill
[2019-08-08T21:30:06.539Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-08-08T21:30:17.389Z]	<burn>	drummond: nice to say how great it is to have this group deep in the details on this.  This is the future of the Internet
[2019-08-08T21:30:26.983Z]	<burn>	... thanks to all of you
[2019-08-08T21:30:45.156Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T21:30:48.983Z]	<burn>	... we will look back on this amazed
[2019-08-08T21:31:04.582Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello: drummond does not understand vacation :){
[2019-08-08T21:31:07.890Z]	<burn>	s/{//
[2019-08-08T21:31:20.062Z]	<manu>	+1, have a great vacation drummond! :)
[2019-08-08T21:31:21.285Z]	<burn>	drummond: don't contact me
[2019-08-08T21:31:44.031Z]	<burn>	manu: will wrap up with markus and amy
[2019-08-08T21:32:04.987Z]	<burn>	drummond: will send note to list saying we are basically ready
[2019-08-08T21:32:06.555Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-08T21:32:12.973Z]	<drummond>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-08-08T21:32:46.847Z]	<burn>	drummond: enjoy your August vacations, all
[2019-08-08T21:33:09.072Z]	<burn>	... won't know until we arrive whether the group exists, right?
[2019-08-08T21:33:26.777Z]	<burn>	manu: just go.  To vote you have to be a member before end of the vote (end of this month)
[2019-08-08T21:33:45.772Z]	<burn>	manu: I'm sure it will happen at this point
[2019-08-08T21:34:09.756Z]	<burn>	drummond: will miss you in Prague.  Congrats all, enjoy August!
[2019-08-08T21:34:32.705Z]	<drummond>	Thanks! Happy August to all.
