[2018-05-15T16:01:44.623Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2018-05-15T16:01:49.049Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ Joe_Andrieu
[2018-05-15T16:02:01.264Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2018-05-15T16:02:12.029Z]	<ottonomy>	present+
[2018-05-15T16:02:12.587Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2018-05-15T16:02:14.949Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2018-05-15T16:02:24.560Z]	<lparker>	present+
[2018-05-15T16:02:24.598Z]	<jungly>	present+
[2018-05-15T16:02:24.713Z]	<rgrant>	voip-ccg: connections
[2018-05-15T16:02:30.912Z]	<kezike>	present+
[2018-05-15T16:02:38.119Z]	<kimhd>	AGENDA: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018May/0030.html
[2018-05-15T16:02:44.099Z]	<rgrant>	voip-ccg: 114 is rgrant
[2018-05-15T16:02:44.368Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+ Christopher Allen
[2018-05-15T16:02:47.526Z]	<rgrant>	present+
[2018-05-15T16:02:51.540Z]	<cwebber2>	present+
[2018-05-15T16:03:00.698Z]	<cwebber2>	present+ Chris_Webber
[2018-05-15T16:03:51.747Z]	<kimhd>	Scribe: heathervescent
[2018-05-15T16:04:44.858Z]	<heathervescent>	Kim: IP policy review.
[2018-05-15T16:05:53.690Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: I'm 011e
[2018-05-15T16:06:07.912Z]	<manu>	Topic: Introductions and Reintroductions
[2018-05-15T16:06:18.143Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	voip: 011e is bigbluehat
[2018-05-15T16:06:22.273Z]	<manu>	voip: 011e is bigbluehat
[2018-05-15T16:06:44.972Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	are there any new folks?
[2018-05-15T16:06:51.990Z]	<heathervescent>	Introductions & Reintros: David Chadwick: (choppy)
[2018-05-15T16:07:10.529Z]	<heathervescent>	... worked on VC for a few years (choppy) hospital systems on mobile phones using VC
[2018-05-15T16:07:55.701Z]	<mike-lodder>	Audio is choppy
[2018-05-15T16:08:06.063Z]	<heathervescent>	Reminders: Consensus is in NY going on.
[2018-05-15T16:08:53.592Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Reminders
[2018-05-15T16:08:59.599Z]	<heathervescent>	JoeA: Moses organized drinks last night. Want to see the new HTC DID phone.
[2018-05-15T16:09:55.160Z]	<heathervescent>	Kim: MyData in Helsinki in August. Status: Working w. Markus into a talk. 3 presenters will talk about identifiers, the ecosystem. Kim will try to do a quick survey of DID methods.
[2018-05-15T16:10:37.560Z]	<heathervescent>	Summer DID Outreach: Have we decided on when the outreach will happen? JoeA: The week of the 16th (Month??)
[2018-05-15T16:10:45.329Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Progress on Current Action Items
[2018-05-15T16:10:57.510Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item%22
[2018-05-15T16:11:17.219Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2018-05-15T16:11:31.080Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-05-15T16:11:45.479Z]	<manu>	q+ for Registries Process...
[2018-05-15T16:11:51.580Z]	<heathervescent>	JoeA: Two Helsinki things: Panel (work item), the not-panel thing.
[2018-05-15T16:11:58.763Z]	<manu>	q+ for DID Preparation for TPAC
[2018-05-15T16:12:21.941Z]	<heathervescent>	ChristopherA: No update on the not-panel thing. Maybe it's a SSI keynote talk. Possibly Saturday after could be SSI salon rebooting style. Nothing confirmed.
[2018-05-15T16:12:29.600Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2018-05-15T16:12:30.887Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2018-05-15T16:12:31.026Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-05-15T16:12:46.294Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to mention TPAC
[2018-05-15T16:13:52.140Z]	<heathervescent>	Manu: 2 updates. 1) Registry's process: PRs for both. 2)TPAC prep. What to do at TPAC and what to do before TPAC (RWOT related). Coordination needs to be done. On fast timeline due to communication delays with W3C folks. Recommend to have a pow-wow on this topic to ensure no issues/concerns.
[2018-05-15T16:13:56.200Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-05-15T16:14:02.567Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-05-15T16:14:25.139Z]	<heathervescent>	JoeA: TPAC has a prelim schedule. We are schedule for Tuesday (asked for 1:30 timeslot).
[2018-05-15T16:14:34.940Z]	<kimhd>	Topic:  Status of Work Items
[2018-05-15T16:14:48.688Z]	<ChristopherA>	Which week & where is TPAC?
[2018-05-15T16:14:51.259Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2018-05-15T16:15:20.271Z]	<heathervescent>	Kim: It's in Lyon, France 22-26 Oct. https://www.w3.org/2018/10/TPAC/Overview.html
[2018-05-15T16:15:32.744Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	TPAC: https://www.w3.org/wiki/TPAC/2018
[2018-05-15T16:15:49.751Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2018-05-15T16:15:56.106Z]	<manu>	q+ to note OCAP work...
[2018-05-15T16:16:02.662Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-05-15T16:16:24.867Z]	<heathervescent>	JoeA: Final draft of Amira into Shannon for edits and then publish.
[2018-05-15T16:16:28.828Z]	<kimhd>	ack Manu
[2018-05-15T16:17:11.911Z]	<heathervescent>	Manu: OCAP - putting OCAP into customer systems. Nothing to share publicly yet. But is going into pilot into production systems.
[2018-05-15T16:17:22.707Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Call for DID Focal Use Cases
[2018-05-15T16:17:29.372Z]	<kimhd>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018May/0012.html
[2018-05-15T16:18:05.750Z]	<ChristopherA>	Manu off his head last week had a good start, but we didnâ€™t quite captured it in scribe.
[2018-05-15T16:18:06.940Z]	<heathervescent>	JoeA: Use Cases: partial response from Moses and Dan G. Post something simple to mailing list.
[2018-05-15T16:18:08.100Z]	<heathervescent>	q+
[2018-05-15T16:18:23.488Z]	<heathervescent>	... looking for a few good use cases. Please use this framework.
[2018-05-15T16:18:41.554Z]	<heathervescent>	... JoeA will work to fill in the gaps for the use cases.
[2018-05-15T16:18:54.882Z]	<John_Jordan_BCGov>	Joe we are working on one here in BC
[2018-05-15T16:19:06.785Z]	<heathervescent>	... if you are using DIDs for something, then submit it.
[2018-05-15T16:19:24.545Z]	<John_Jordan_BCGov>	q+
[2018-05-15T16:19:31.141Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2018-05-15T16:21:08.824Z]	<dlongley>	q?
[2018-05-15T16:21:22.930Z]	<kimhd>	ack heathervescent
[2018-05-15T16:22:01.184Z]	<kimhd>	Heathervescent: is the only way to contribute with use cases to come up with them on their own?
[2018-05-15T16:22:10.722Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-05-15T16:22:22.793Z]	<kimhd>	heathervescent: I'd rather collaborate with people
[2018-05-15T16:22:54.410Z]	<dcc>	I agree!!
[2018-05-15T16:22:54.446Z]	<kimhd>	heathervescent: we've talked about putting stuff in stories, but this is like throwing them over the fence
[2018-05-15T16:23:10.233Z]	<kimhd>	JoeAndrieu: I'm happy to work with you
[2018-05-15T16:23:48.561Z]	<kimhd>	heathervescent: maybe a call to put some structure in place
[2018-05-15T16:24:12.447Z]	<manu>	q+ to note that the discussion is fine and good and normal... but we're also under a time pressure.
[2018-05-15T16:24:15.662Z]	<kimhd>	heathervescent: could collaborate on further developing half-baked use cases
[2018-05-15T16:24:25.283Z]	<kimhd>	Joe
[2018-05-15T16:24:37.210Z]	<kimhd>	JoeAndrieu: that's what we're doing here?
[2018-05-15T16:25:53.754Z]	<heathervescent>	ChristopherA: there are 2 targets (external DID submission) small and non-controversial and then Internal that will cover more ground.
[2018-05-15T16:25:58.703Z]	<kimhd>	ChristopherA: 3 issues. 2 targets: 1 is external for DID submission, 1 for ourselves internally (can be more verbose).
[2018-05-15T16:26:26.233Z]	<heathervescent>	... JoeA is collecting what we already know as an initial list.
[2018-05-15T16:26:39.213Z]	<kimhd>	+1 for time to discuss; I've never really done use case creation before
[2018-05-15T16:27:03.813Z]	<kimhd>	at least in a context like this
[2018-05-15T16:27:06.202Z]	<heathervescent>	ChristopherA: good to do this as a group discussion on one of these calls later.
[2018-05-15T16:27:24.410Z]	<heathervescent>	q+
[2018-05-15T16:27:40.002Z]	<John_Jordan_BCGov>	q-
[2018-05-15T16:28:45.384Z]	<heathervescent>	q-
[2018-05-15T16:29:36.573Z]	<heathervescent>	JohnJordan: are working on a use case, to understand how it is possible for a person to pass DID control over to a business.
[2018-05-15T16:29:38.844Z]	<dcc>	delegation?
[2018-05-15T16:29:43.824Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-05-15T16:29:56.581Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-05-15T16:29:57.480Z]	<manu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-05-15T16:30:16.100Z]	<John_Jordan_BCGov>	ddc ... yes we are tackling delegation of authority ...
[2018-05-15T16:31:23.061Z]	<heathervescent>	Intros: Samantha on the call. Work in a lot of industries and passionate about SSI and Data Sovereignty. Want to help with the stories and use cases. People can reach out to me on the thread (where is this thread?)
[2018-05-15T16:31:27.940Z]	<manu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-05-15T16:31:31.187Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2018-05-15T16:32:14.433Z]	<heathervescent>	Manu: hearing confusion over the process. How to get these ideas into a document. Goals 1) push into the W3C process (hard deadline 1-2 months) 2) covering the space with various use cases.
[2018-05-15T16:32:26.046Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-05-15T16:32:38.623Z]	<heathervescent>	... there are new people who haven't participated in the creation of use cases before. Suggestion to give people an overview of the process.
[2018-05-15T16:33:41.972Z]	<heathervescent>	... 2) we are at the brainstorming/ideation phase. We need to get some things to talk about. JoeA is asking people to submit those ideas now. The idea is we will end up talking in time, but we have to hit this hard deadline.
[2018-05-15T16:34:04.693Z]	<dcc>	>> How do I raise a hand?
[2018-05-15T16:34:22.770Z]	<heathervescent>	you do q and a plus
[2018-05-15T16:34:59.640Z]	<heathervescent>	DCC: Work at the Applied Physics lab. The use cases selected need to show why the existing digital signature standards don't work.
[2018-05-15T16:35:03.111Z]	<manu>	q+ to note that we're talking about DID Use Cases, not VC Use Cases.
[2018-05-15T16:35:15.271Z]	<heathervescent>	... I haven't understood why a new standard is necessary based on reading those use cases.
[2018-05-15T16:35:16.860Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-05-15T16:35:42.440Z]	<kimhd>	dcc -- what's your name again, so we can add you to attendees?
[2018-05-15T16:35:46.210Z]	<heathervescent>	Manu: we're talking about DID use cases here - not VC use cases.
[2018-05-15T16:35:51.207Z]	<dcc>	David Challener
[2018-05-15T16:36:30.110Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: DID issues working session
[2018-05-15T16:36:39.464Z]	<kimhd>	subtopic: DID service naming and identification
[2018-05-15T16:36:41.780Z]	<dcc>	manu ..... Thanks!
[2018-05-15T16:36:45.452Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/72
[2018-05-15T16:37:16.066Z]	<kimhd>	pull request: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/75
[2018-05-15T16:38:50.314Z]	<heathervescent>	Manu: Has found a cleaner way using the ID. This PR can simplify the algo, while keeping previous abilities of service descriptions.
[2018-05-15T16:39:18.682Z]	<heathervescent>	... simplify the service description syntax.
[2018-05-15T16:39:25.509Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-05-15T16:39:50.140Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-05-15T16:39:56.508Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-05-15T16:40:12.382Z]	<heathervescent>	ChristopherA: q for Manu. Are these defined in method specs?
[2018-05-15T16:40:20.600Z]	<manu>	q+ to respond
[2018-05-15T16:40:25.031Z]	<kimhd>	Subtopic: DID Document versioning
[2018-05-15T16:40:31.710Z]	<kimhd>	Should a DID Document have a version number? Proposal is to make this a part of the DID Method, not the DID spec.
[2018-05-15T16:40:39.380Z]	<kimhd>	reference: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/64
[2018-05-15T16:41:25.920Z]	<heathervescent>	Manu: it's in a service description spec
[2018-05-15T16:41:35.040Z]	<heathervescent>	ChristopherA: Do we have an example?
[2018-05-15T16:41:37.225Z]	<heathervescent>	Manu: Not yet
[2018-05-15T16:41:52.042Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-05-15T16:42:05.864Z]	<manu>	q- manu
[2018-05-15T16:42:09.280Z]	<heathervescent>	tx dlongley
[2018-05-15T16:42:35.110Z]	<kimhd>	 https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/64
[2018-05-15T16:43:30.653Z]	<manu>	q+ to suggest how to get that.
[2018-05-15T16:43:38.103Z]	<heathervescent>	Bohdin, Manu has more comments.
[2018-05-15T16:43:42.552Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2018-05-15T16:43:46.599Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-05-15T16:44:35.060Z]	<dmitriz>	q+ to ask about DID responses / metadata
[2018-05-15T16:44:36.408Z]	<heathervescent>	Manu: the problem - you need to refer to a specific version of a DID doc in time (eg 6 years ago). You need to refer to that *version* of the DID document.
[2018-05-15T16:45:38.548Z]	<heathervescent>	... how do you address this? One way, can put a version in the DID doc itself. Other way, can associate with metadata. Third, allow DID methods how to do versioning. Some examples might not have versions.
[2018-05-15T16:45:51.924Z]	<heathervescent>	... it's up to the DID method on how to do versioning.
[2018-05-15T16:45:55.424Z]	<rgrant>	+1 to method-specific versioning, where all DID methods are required to address versioning.
[2018-05-15T16:45:57.501Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-05-15T16:46:57.367Z]	<heathervescent>	Bodin: it doesn't need to be in the general DID spec.
[2018-05-15T16:47:04.261Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-05-15T16:47:14.268Z]	<kimhd>	ack dmitriz
[2018-05-15T16:47:26.702Z]	<heathervescent>	Dmitriz: any interest in standardizing the results of the DID document?
[2018-05-15T16:47:59.853Z]	<rgrant>	q+ is there a good argument against the DID spec requiring methods to address versioning?
[2018-05-15T16:48:27.066Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2018-05-15T16:48:43.361Z]	<manu>	q+ to suggest we do a resolver spec.
[2018-05-15T16:48:46.207Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-05-15T16:49:43.823Z]	<heathervescent>	ChristopherA: could be useful. Not sure about having a standard, but some base metrics. e.g. the metadata should have information about last update of the DID.
[2018-05-15T16:50:06.669Z]	<rgrant>	this could also be a schema.org sub-schema
[2018-05-15T16:50:16.326Z]	<heathervescent>	... in some cases metadata information might be stored (if secure for that).
[2018-05-15T16:50:28.667Z]	<kimhd>	ack rgrant
[2018-05-15T16:50:46.460Z]	<heathervescent>	Ryan: re: versioning, is there any one thing the DID spec should not require?
[2018-05-15T16:51:13.364Z]	<kimhd>	q-
[2018-05-15T16:51:16.379Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2018-05-15T16:51:17.686Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-05-15T16:52:05.404Z]	<dmitriz>	+1 to a separate resolver spec
[2018-05-15T16:52:10.390Z]	<kimhd>	+1
[2018-05-15T16:52:13.060Z]	<dlongley>	+1
[2018-05-15T16:52:29.801Z]	<heathervescent>	Manu: addressing a bunch of comments: we need a resolver spec. We have a section about DID resolution. Suggest: remove this from the spec and create a new working item to discuss this metadata.
[2018-05-15T16:52:50.380Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-05-15T16:52:54.248Z]	<manu>	q+ to ask about DIF
[2018-05-15T16:53:00.200Z]	<rgrant>	q+
[2018-05-15T16:53:01.480Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1
[2018-05-15T16:53:09.182Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-05-15T16:53:33.544Z]	<heathervescent>	Manu: DIF is working on the resolver. Are they working on a specification??? Might want to reach out to Markus and DIF re: this topic.
[2018-05-15T16:53:36.485Z]	<rgrant>	is the DID spec useful without this resolver issue handled?
[2018-05-15T16:53:46.819Z]	<kimhd>	action: create DID resolver spec but coord with DIF
[2018-05-15T16:54:03.420Z]	<kimhd>	action: resolve current action  in DID spec
[2018-05-15T16:54:06.183Z]	<ChristopherA>	We will need lead(s) and a summary for approving a new resolver spec
[2018-05-15T16:54:09.002Z]	<manu>	rgrant, it's not a "useful" question... it's more like splitting the specs up in a layered fashion.
[2018-05-15T16:54:19.064Z]	<kimhd>	Subtopic: Extensibility
[2018-05-15T16:54:28.613Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/58
[2018-05-15T16:55:02.239Z]	<heathervescent>	Manu: added a section on how extensibility works in the DID spec
[2018-05-15T16:55:14.130Z]	<heathervescent>	... borrowed from VC WG
[2018-05-15T16:55:59.381Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-05-15T16:56:03.202Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-05-15T16:56:50.340Z]	<kimhd>	ack rgrant
[2018-05-15T16:56:53.742Z]	<dlongley>	this all depends on whether or not the semantics of what you do understand can *change* based on what you don't understand
[2018-05-15T16:57:01.304Z]	<kimhd>	ack rgrant
[2018-05-15T16:57:04.688Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-05-15T16:57:18.783Z]	<dlongley>	and i recommend that we attempt to prohibit that (go for monotonicity of logic when doing extensibility)
[2018-05-15T16:57:32.580Z]	<dlongley>	q+
[2018-05-15T16:58:34.530Z]	<kimhd>	action: chairs figure out when to schedule a "use case process" session
[2018-05-15T17:00:03.420Z]	<dmitriz>	dlongley: +1, wholly agreed about monotonicity
[2018-05-15T17:01:05.102Z]	<heathervescent>	Dlongley: agree w/ ChristopherA. (more, just listen to the audio notes)
[2018-05-15T17:01:13.641Z]	<cwebber2>	+1000
[2018-05-15T17:01:18.505Z]	<manu>	+1 to that!
[2018-05-15T17:01:37.399Z]	<rgrant>	dlongley: is there a JSON-LD notion of "complete coverage of terms"?
[2018-05-15T17:01:40.338Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 Monotonic assumption
[2018-05-15T17:01:40.339Z]	<kimhd> Present+ adam, bigbluehat,burn,ChristopherA,cwebber2,cycryptr_,DavidC,daviddias,dcc,dlehn,dlongley,dmitriz,drabiv,Gargron,Guest84,heathervescent,JeffO-StL,JoeAndrieu,John_Jordan_BCGov,jungly,kezike,kimhd,lparker,manu,mike-lodder,nextalias,ottonomy,rgrant,saranix,stonematt,TallTed,tzviya,voip-ccg,Yancy,ZenEntropy
[2018-05-15T17:02:23.097Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2018-05-15T17:02:26.348Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 10d
[2018-05-15T17:02:31.368Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 114
[2018-05-15T17:02:34.335Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 117
