[Tue 10:37:38] <burn>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017May/0004.html
[Tue 11:04:24] <burn>	Topic: Agenda Review and Introductions
[Tue 11:04:34] <manu>	scribe: stonematt
[Tue 11:05:04] <stonematt>	Agenda, no change
[Tue 11:05:20] <stonematt>	New Members, none
[Tue 11:05:28] <burn>	Topic: WG Document Handoff
[Tue 11:05:40] <burn>	[1] Verifiable Claims Use Cases (CG Final Report) https://opencreds.github.io/vc-use-cases/CGFR/2017-05-01/
[Tue 11:05:40] <burn>	[2] Verifiable Claims Data Model and Representations (CG Final Report) https://opencreds.github.io/vc-data-model/CGFR/2017-05-01/
[Tue 11:05:59] <manu>	voip: 47c is MattLarson
[Tue 11:05:59] <voip-vctf>	Associated MattLarson with SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000047c.
[Tue 11:06:04] <stonematt>	voip: connections
[Tue 11:06:04] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000471], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000473], Colleen [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000474], ChristopherAllen [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000475], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000476], gkellogg [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000477], Rob Trainer [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000478], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-00000479], amigus [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000047a], Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000047b], MattLarson
[Tue 11:06:04] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000047c].
[Tue 11:06:17] <voip-vctf>	Unknown [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000047d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:39] <JoeAndrieu>	voip: 47d is JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:06:39] <voip-vctf>	Associated JoeAndrieu with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000047d.
[Tue 11:06:41] <stonematt>	burn: no response on the final documents
[Tue 11:07:05] <stonematt>	manu: published the docuements via minutes last week.  we have not objections to date
[Tue 11:07:22] <stonematt>	manu: chairs could use the spec publishing link to finalize
[Tue 11:07:28] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:07:28] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:07:53] <manu>	The Chairs will use the following link to publish the FCGS: https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/spec/publish
[Tue 11:08:40] <stonematt>	Action: burn to be the chair to work though the publishing process with manu help
[Tue 11:09:22] <burn>	ack stonematt
[Tue 11:09:22] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:09:27] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:09:27] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:09:29] <stonematt>	Manu still planning to work w/ contributors to release the final IPR
[Tue 11:09:38] <burn>	Topic: Joining the VCWG
[Tue 11:09:58] <burn>	Charter join link is here: https://www.w3.org/2017/vc/charter.html
[Tue 11:10:01] *	ChristopherA (~ChristopherA@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:10:10] <manu>	q+ to call out people that will not be able to join the call next week.
[Tue 11:10:10] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:10:35] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:10:35] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to call out people that will not be able to join the call next week.).
[Tue 11:10:36] <stonematt>	burn: Please join the Verifiable Claims Working Group if you plan to participate.  This is required to get details for dial-in etc.
[Tue 11:10:53] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000471], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000473], Colleen [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000474], ChristopherAllen [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000475], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000476], gkellogg [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000477], Rob Trainer [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000478], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-00000479], amigus [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000047a], Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000047b], MattLarson
[Tue 11:10:53] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000047c], JoeAndrieu [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000047d].
[Tue 11:11:11] <stonematt>	manu: calling out any particpants of this call who aren't members.
[Tue 11:11:58] <stonematt>	manu: colleen kennedy, matt larson, work with stonematt to get on the WG
[Tue 11:13:12] <stonematt>	JoeAndrieu: just submitted the request
[Tue 11:13:43] <stonematt>	manu: if you aren't a member, there is an application for "Invited experts" that the chairs will ultimately accept
[Tue 11:14:11] <stonematt>	manu: expectation is that the invited expert has a special skill that the group wants or needs
[Tue 11:14:12] <burn>	Invited expert page:  https://www.w3.org/2004/08/invexp.html
[Tue 11:14:46] <stonematt>	burn: other comments?
[Tue 11:14:49] <stonematt>	crickets...
[Tue 11:14:53] <burn>	Topic: Reminder: this is last CG call at this time
[Tue 11:15:23] <manu>	q+ to discuss new Chairs, next CG call, scope.
[Tue 11:15:23] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:15:25] <stonematt>	burn: next week the dial-in information will be different.
[Tue 11:15:28] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:15:28] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to discuss new Chairs, next CG call, scope.).
[Tue 11:16:08] <ChristopherA>	Doesn't the email list change as well?
[Tue 11:16:18] <manu>	Yes, it does
[Tue 11:16:22] <stonematt>	burn: chairs will send dialin info to the WG email group.
[Tue 11:16:25] <manu>	old one stays around, though... for the CG to use.
[Tue 11:17:03] <stonematt>	Manu cries 1,000 tears as we transition over to WebEx.
[Tue 11:17:16] *	stonematt +1 to manu
[Tue 11:17:39] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:17:39] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:18:06] <manu>	q+ to discuss new Chairs, next CG call, scope.
[Tue 11:18:10] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:18:11] *	gkellogg I continue to have issues with VOIP clients, though. Now back on Skype
[Tue 11:18:20] <ChristopherA>	-1 Uggh.
[Tue 11:18:50] <gkellogg>	DCMI has moved from WebEx to Zoom.
[Tue 11:18:55] *	manu hmm, unfortunate ... :(
[Tue 11:18:58] <stonematt>	logging general discontent re: loss of IRC/SIP
[Tue 11:19:00] <burn>	Topic: Open Mic / Community Group Next Steps
[Tue 11:20:07] <stonematt>	WG chairs have completed tasks necessary to transistion.  handing off to manu for Open Mic
[Tue 11:20:35] <stonematt>	manu: use Open Mic to discus several items - first up New Leadership
[Tue 11:21:04] <stonematt>	manu: ack ChristopherA for raising his hand for volunteering to be CG chair
[Tue 11:21:37] <stonematt>	manu: have also chatting with Kim Hamilton with BlockCert and Learning Machine - she's interested in co-chairing
[Tue 11:21:45] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-0000047e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:21:53] <stonematt>	manu: Kim not present today b/c at an event
[Tue 11:22:36] *	burn manu you can take over queue management until end of call
[Tue 11:22:44] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 11:22:45] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:22:45] <stonematt>	manu: have 2, this is an open call for chairs.  If we get more than 3, we'll have to elect.  open call will stay active through the week
[Tue 11:22:49] <manu>	ack manu 
[Tue 11:22:49] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to discuss new Chairs, next CG call, scope.).
[Tue 11:22:53] *	manu burn yep, can do that.
[Tue 11:23:07] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:23:07] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:23:32] <stonematt>	manu: unless others volunteer, new chairs will be ChristopherA and Kim
[Tue 11:24:03] <stonematt>	ChristopherA: I'm enthusiastic about the broader problem - particularly the discussion about "what is the broader problem?"
[Tue 11:24:17] <stonematt>	manu: tackle scope last....
[Tue 11:24:30] <stonematt>	manu: poll sent out last night about meeting times for CG
[Tue 11:24:59] <stonematt>	manu: general desire is to have CG call adjacent to WG (before or after).
[Tue 11:25:04] <manu>	Poll to meeting times: https://beta.doodle.com/poll/5nexmi56qqhnn25c
[Tue 11:25:12] <burn>	q+
[Tue 11:25:12] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: burn
[Tue 11:25:20] <manu>	ack burn 
[Tue 11:25:20] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor.
[Tue 11:25:36] <stonematt>	manu: please complete the poll, if you have an opinion
[Tue 11:25:58] <stonematt>	burn: suggest keeping WG time as is
[Tue 11:27:00] <stonematt>	ChristopherA: both Kim and I prefer the later time
[Tue 11:27:51] <stonematt>	stone: there wasnt' a vote option for "either works" - should we add that?
[Tue 11:28:20] *	burn loved a 7:30 call when living in California because all my calls were done early and then I had the rest of the day free
[Tue 11:28:31] <stonematt>	stone: noticed a couple chose both, but, that's not obvious...
[Tue 11:28:59] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:28:59] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:29:18] <manu>	ack stonematt 
[Tue 11:29:18] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:29:51] <burn>	q+
[Tue 11:29:51] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: burn
[Tue 11:30:19] <manu>	ack burn 
[Tue 11:30:20] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor.
[Tue 11:31:06] <stonematt>	manu: if it's even it's the chairs perogative
[Tue 11:32:13] <stonematt>	manu: reminder that WG charter is datamodel and syntax - NOT protocol
[Tue 11:32:19] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:32:19] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:32:28] <stonematt>	manu: there are those of us in CG that need protocol
[Tue 11:32:35] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:32:35] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:32:40] <dlongley>	+1 as protocols and web browser APIs/polyfills and so forth are out of scope for the WG ... we definitely want it in scope for the CG.
[Tue 11:32:47] <stonematt>	+1 for protocols
[Tue 11:32:57] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 11:32:57] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:33:28] <stonematt>	ChristopherA: original CG charter - discuss, research, prototype and test credential storage for the web....
[Tue 11:33:58] <stonematt>	ChristopherA: we should take advantage of what the CG can to do publish reports, etc.
[Tue 11:34:27] <stonematt>	ChristopherA: What is selective disclosure... latest that crypto community offerings, etc
[Tue 11:35:13] <stonematt>	ChristopherA: incubate mechanisms to exchange claims
[Tue 11:35:40] <stonematt>	ChristopherA: if something matures, may submit it to WG for consideration
[Tue 11:36:21] <stonematt>	ChristopherA: RWoT has DID work that doesn't have a home right now.
[Tue 11:36:31] *	burn points out that once WG goals are done we can consider rechartering WG with a broader scope, but that is not dependent on the CG
[Tue 11:36:44] *	burn and vice versa
[Tue 11:36:53] <manu>	q+ to mention digital signature formats, decentralized identifiers, how blockchains fit into all of this...
[Tue 11:36:53] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:37:02] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to mention digital signature formats, decentralized identifiers, how blockchains fit into all of this...).
[Tue 11:38:23] <stonematt>	manu: we've worked hard to create a technology funnel.  right now, have people working on bleeding edge at places like RWoT some of which comes into the CG, build support for the work, eventually matures to a WG
[Tue 11:38:40] <stonematt>	manu: could see this work to continue for the next couple of year
[Tue 11:39:33] <stonematt>	manu: presume the next CG work becomes WG 2.0 - continue the funnel.
[Tue 11:40:08] <stonematt>	manu: also have a number of digital signature formats.  we're using them in implementations but WG isn't chartered to ratify them
[Tue 11:41:02] <stonematt>	manu: Digital Bazaar believes DID is critical to portable claims
[Tue 11:42:00] <stonematt>	manu: a detail of DID is that they kindof/sortof require blockchain...  we'll need to bring blockchain into this discussion more.
[Tue 11:42:37] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:42:37] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:42:44] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 11:42:44] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:42:45] <stonematt>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:42:45] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:44:04] <stonematt>	ChristopherA:  I bring is clarity on security and crypto aspects.  Kim is a coder, we need active working code.  would like to see more prototypes, examples, etc
[Tue 11:44:26] <ChristopherA>	me too.
[Tue 11:44:28] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:44:28] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:44:33] <stonematt>	ack dlongley
[Tue 11:44:33] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:44:38] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 11:44:38] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:45:05] <stonematt>	dlongley: largely in agreement - would like some browser poly-fill work done quickly - important for adoption
[Tue 11:45:07] <manu>	ack JoeAndrieu 
[Tue 11:45:08] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 11:45:18] <ChristopherA>	poly-fill is also absolutey w3c
[Tue 11:45:47] <manu>	q+ to note that "in scope" often is "what people work on".
[Tue 11:45:47] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:45:49] <stonematt>	JoeAndrieu: like everthing that's been said.  i joined because i want to give everyone on the planet a legal identity by 2030 - wondering where this fits
[Tue 11:45:56] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:45:56] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note that "in scope" often is "what people work on".).
[Tue 11:46:18] <stonematt>	manu: "it's in scope when people work on it"
[Tue 11:46:37] <ChristopherA>	+1 UN 16.9
[Tue 11:46:56] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:46:56] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:47:08] <dlongley>	another item related to protocol/polyfill: a query language for asking for certain types of claims
[Tue 11:47:08] <stonematt>	JoeAndrieu: want to be sensitive to the pipeline
[Tue 11:47:22] <manu>	q+ to respond to "bulldog on pet issue"
[Tue 11:47:22] <stonematt>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:47:23] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:47:23] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:48:01] <burn>	yeah I thought one of the advantages of verifiable claims was that we didn't have to require identity, only identifiers
[Tue 11:48:08] <stonematt>	ChristopherA: recognize there is political sensitivity about this sort of language.  in our scope to communicate more effectively about what we mean when we say identity
[Tue 11:48:09] *	manu nods.
[Tue 11:48:15] <manu>	q+ to mention what's OUT of scope.
[Tue 11:48:15] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, manu
[Tue 11:48:31] *	burn sees too many manus on the queue ;)
[Tue 11:48:39] *	manu if only cloning were that easy.
[Tue 11:48:56] <stonematt>	ack manu
[Tue 11:48:56] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to respond to "bulldog on pet issue").
[Tue 11:48:56] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:48:56] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to mention what's OUT of scope.).
[Tue 11:49:35] <stonematt>	manu: responding to JoeAndrieu - having pet issues is fine.  especially when it results in a rich ecosystem of capabilities
[Tue 11:50:03] <stonematt>	manu: there may not be a standard for UN 16.9, but we can make technology that supports that
[Tue 11:50:16] <amigus>	+1 to manu's comment about making sure that the charter and work *support* your pet idea as the best way to ensure it's tackled
[Tue 11:51:00] <stonematt>	manu: need to declare to what's NOT in scope.  Identity (capital I) is not in scope - too esoteric...
[Tue 11:51:32] <stonematt>	manu: we can create technology to solve identity problems, but we're not the Identity Working Group
[Tue 11:51:45] <dlongley>	+1 important to keep in mind w3c politics :)
[Tue 11:52:04] <amigus>	+1 to that too :-)
[Tue 11:52:19] <burn>	yes, not just w3c.  The world disagrees on identity as well
[Tue 11:52:28] <stonematt>	manu: should review the CG group name.
[Tue 11:52:33] <amigus>	yep!
[Tue 11:52:55] <gkellogg>	q+
[Tue 11:52:55] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: gkellogg
[Tue 11:52:57] <burn>	naming = bike shed topic ("what color should we paint the bike shed?")
[Tue 11:53:01] <stonematt>	manu: as we recharter - it's inevitable that we want to update name
[Tue 11:53:07] <manu>	ack gkellogg 
[Tue 11:53:11] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Tue 11:53:21] <stonematt>	manu: name change may be difficult logistically
[Tue 11:53:26] <voip-vctf>	15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000047f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:53:41] <stonematt>	gkellogg: publishing documents often means the CG is complete.
[Tue 11:54:12] <dlongley>	voip-vctf: 47f is Christopher Allen
[Tue 11:54:12] <voip-vctf>	Associated Christopher Allen with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000047f.
[Tue 11:54:27] <stonematt>	manu: logistically spinning down one group and spinning up the next requires everyone to rejoin the new group.  loose people that way
[Tue 11:54:29] <burn>	yes, better to keep the existing group (and name, if necessary) than try to start a new CG
[Tue 11:54:33] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:54:33] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:54:38] <stonematt>	-1 to starting a new group
[Tue 11:54:40] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Tue 11:54:40] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:55:08] <burn>	W3C doesn't care too much about naming of CGs
[Tue 11:55:12] <burn>	only WGs
[Tue 11:55:29] <stonematt>	dlongley: probably not worth replacing the group w/ the same people working on generally the same issues isn't worth it
[Tue 11:55:40] <stonematt>	Topic: CG and WG call next week
[Tue 11:56:01] <stonematt>	burn: We'll announce times this Friday. chairs of WG still intend to be involved in the CG. WG call is 11am ET on Tuesday
[Tue 11:56:31] <stonematt>	burn: thanks to manu for work to date
[Tue 11:56:36] <stonematt>	burn: adjourn.
[Tue 11:56:36] <stonematt>	Present+ lake, sporny, trainer, longley, burn, kennedy, christophera, gkellogg, amigus, stone, larson, lehn, andrieu
