[Tue 11:03:18] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2015Dec/0014.html
[Tue 11:03:28] <gkellogg>	scribenick: gkellogg
[Tue 11:03:31] <voip-vctf>	17278084918 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c1] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:48] <gkellogg>	manu: last week we went through the problem statement and have agreement from those participating. We can change if we have consensus on changes.
[Tue 11:07:59] <gkellogg>	… Today, we’ll try to get concensus on the remaining items.
[Tue 11:05:35] <gkellogg>	manu: we’re going to go through the points on the agenda as time allows. Any changes before we start?
[Tue 11:05:35] <gkellogg>	None.
[Tue 11:03:32] <manu>	Topic: Introductions to New Participants
[Tue 11:03:38] <voip-vctf>	14086376659 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c2] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:03:41] *	GregKidd (~GregKidd@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:03:51] <voip-vctf>	12816827882 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c3] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:03:55] *	SLee (~SLee@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:04:00] <jasonweaver>	Jason Weaver with Parchment, interested in work as it relates to educational credentialing
[Tue 11:04:03] *	dezell David E is on the phone now.
[Tue 11:04:06] <voip-vctf>	14159449721 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c4] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:04:12] <voip-vctf>	Sunny Lee [SIP/45.48.18.78-000003c5] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:04:20] <manu>	voip: 3c2 is GregKidd
[Tue 11:04:21] <voip-vctf>	Associated GregKidd with SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c2.
[Tue 11:04:25] *	dezell 727 area code
[Tue 11:04:27] <paroneayea>	Christopher Allan Webber, lead developer on GNU MediaGoblin, working also on the W3C Social Working Group, interested in work as it relates to federation and other distributed network problems
[Tue 11:04:45] <manu>	voip: 3c4 is SunnyLee
[Tue 11:04:47] <voip-vctf>	Associated SunnyLee with SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c4.
[Tue 11:05:46] *	Carla_Casilli (~Carla_Casilli@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:05:47] *	dlongley who is area code 415? (it's not Sunny)
[Tue 11:06:00] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: DanBurnett [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003af], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000003b0], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000003b1], ShaneM [SIP/50.171.235.149-000003b2], Matthew Collier [SIP/6008-000003b5], JasonWeaver [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003b8], John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003ba], Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003bc], RichardVarn [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003bb], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003be], ChrisWebber
[Tue 11:06:00] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/69.71.222.196-000003bd], bblfish [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003bf], 17278084918 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c1], GregKidd [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c2], 12816827882 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c3], SunnyLee [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c4], Sunny Lee [SIP/45.48.18.78-000003c5].
[Tue 11:06:10] *	dlongley we have a 281 area code as well
[Tue 11:06:12] *	dezell has pinged Erik A
[Tue 11:08:35] <bway>	I’m Bob Way, I work at Ripple and have been discussing verifiable claims with Greg Kidd as an enhancement to Ripple.
[Tue 11:06:45] *	dezell 727 is Dezell
[Tue 11:06:59] <bblfish>	I am Henry Story ( full CV on http://bblfish.net/ ) I am an Apache member and am joining as part of the W3C . I have worked on WebID series of specs . see http://webid.info/spec/ , which I implemented along with Http-Signatures on client and server ( see https://github.com/solid/solid-spec/issues/52 ). What I am interested is authentication and authorization for distributed social networks. What we have at present is probably enough to get us going for a while, but we're looking out for what might be enabled by credentials.
[Tue 11:07:06] <manu>	voip: 3c1 is dezell
[Tue 11:07:06] <voip-vctf>	Associated dezell with SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c1.
[Tue 11:07:30] <SLee>	hi everyone Sunny Lee here. I was previously director of open badges at mozilla and have been the digital credentialing space for the past 4 years. At Mozilla I helped oversee the growth and adoption of the open badges spec from nearly 0 to 25K orgs. excited to see these efforts around digital credentialing (verified claims) coalesce.
[Tue 11:08:01] <manu>	Topic: Review of Scope
[Tue 11:08:12] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#Out_of_Scope
[Tue 11:08:48] <gkellogg>	manu: The previous link is for things which are specifically out of scope: those things the task force will not work on, such as choice of technology.
[Tue 11:09:01] *	Diana (~Diana@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:09:02] <gkellogg>	… Such technical discussions should happen in a WG with an appropriate charter.
[Tue 11:09:34] <gkellogg>	… But, we can talk about the eco-system, but not make any technial descisions or recommendations.
[Tue 11:10:02] <gkellogg>	… Scope: problem statement and deliverables.
[Tue 11:10:11] <voip-vctf>	18012534065 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c9] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:43] <gkellogg>	manu: We’ll name out-of-scope items explicitly
[Tue 11:12:07] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#Scope
[Tue 11:12:22] <gkellogg>	manu: Scope updated to be explicit.
[Tue 11:12:23] *	Diana has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:12:36] <manu>	PROPOSAL: Adopt the Scope statement as it exists in the Task Force Proposal wiki.
[Tue 11:12:37] *	Diana (~Diana@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:12:48] <dezell>	+1
[Tue 11:12:48] <StuartSutton>	+1
[Tue 11:12:49] <paroneayea>	+1
[Tue 11:12:49] <collier-matthew>	+1
[Tue 11:12:49] <manu>	+1
[Tue 11:12:49] <JohnTib>	+1 on scoping statement
[Tue 11:12:49] <burn>	+1
[Tue 11:12:50] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:12:51] <ShaneM>	+1 to the updated scope section
[Tue 11:12:52] <GregKidd>	+1
[Tue 11:12:52] <Richard>	+1
[Tue 11:12:54] <bblfish>	+1
[Tue 11:12:55] <gkellogg>	+0 (browser refresh issues)
[Tue 11:12:56] <bway>	+1
[Tue 11:13:14] <ShaneM>	I note that I didn't like that there was a section called "out of scope"
[Tue 11:13:35] <gkellogg>	+1 (now that page is refreshed)
[Tue 11:13:39] <manu>	RESOLVED: Adopt the Scope statement as it exists in the Task Force Proposal wiki.
[Tue 11:13:56] <manu>	voip: 3c9 is RobDmitriyEric
[Tue 11:13:57] <voip-vctf>	Associated RobDmitriyEric with SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c9.
[Tue 11:14:10] <manu>	Topic: Review Stakeholders
[Tue 11:14:17] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#Stakeholders
[Tue 11:14:51] *	erkorb_rm (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:15:06] <gkellogg>	manu: we’re trying to make clear who the stake-holders are. These are stake-holders who answered the survey and wanted to be involved.
[Tue 11:15:53] <gkellogg>	q+
[Tue 11:15:53] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: gkellogg
[Tue 11:16:13] <dezell>	q?
[Tue 11:16:13] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: gkellogg
[Tue 11:16:26] <manu>	gkellogg: Governments should be stakeholders too.
[Tue 11:16:31] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:16:32] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: gkellogg, dezell
[Tue 11:16:39] <manu>	ack gkellogg 
[Tue 11:16:39] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Tue 11:16:40] <gkellogg>	q-
[Tue 11:16:40] <voip-vctf>	undefined isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:16:42] <ShaneM>	q+ to mention the class of people who might provide credential management software
[Tue 11:16:42] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: dezell, ShaneM
[Tue 11:17:03] <gkellogg>	nate: what is the sense that NACS is an issuer.
[Tue 11:17:04] <paroneayea>	(while technically true, that seems like an alarming direction for this group to go)
[Tue 11:17:21] <gkellogg>	… okay, major oil companies, for example.
[Tue 11:17:23] <paroneayea>	re: government backdoors
[Tue 11:17:39] <manu>	ack dezell 
[Tue 11:17:39] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:17:40] <manu>	ack ShaneM 
[Tue 11:17:41] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor (to mention the class of people who might provide credential management software).
[Tue 11:17:45] <bblfish>	From the UK we don't really know what NACS is. A hyperlink perhaps to a wikipedia page would help.
[Tue 11:18:15] <ShaneM>	Companies that provide credential management software are a category
[Tue 11:18:25] <dezell>	NACS - http://www.nacsonline.com/Pages/default.aspx
[Tue 11:18:32] <burn>	q+
[Tue 11:18:32] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: burn
[Tue 11:18:45] <manu>	ack burn 
[Tue 11:18:46] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor.
[Tue 11:18:40] <ShaneM>	okay
[Tue 11:18:46] <erkorb_rm>	+1
[Tue 11:18:48] <gkellogg>	manu: I believe Credential Management software are IDPs.
[Tue 11:19:24] <bblfish>	Government agencies of particualar interest should be DMV
[Tue 11:19:25] <gkellogg>	burn: I think “government” is a very broad term. It’s difficult for us to discuss them coherently.
[Tue 11:19:35] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000003cb] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:19:42] <paroneayea>	+1 Dan
[Tue 11:19:43] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003cc] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:19:53] <bblfish>	Universities that wish to publish degree credentials
[Tue 11:19:54] <dlongley>	+1 Dan's comments
[Tue 11:19:57] <gkellogg>	burn: I’m concerned that once we list them, we would actively need to seek every posible governemental organization to be involved.
[Tue 11:20:04] <voip-vctf>	14807191646 [SIP/sip.firertc.com-000003cd] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:20:05] <voip-vctf>	14807191646 [SIP/sip.firertc.com-000003cd] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:20:08] <gkellogg>	… The needs can very quite substantially.
[Tue 11:20:04] <erkorb_rm>	+1
[Tue 11:20:41] <voip-vctf>	erkorb_rm has been added to the queue: erkorb_rm
[Tue 11:20:44] <gkellogg>	manu: the only government we’ve heard from is New Zeeland. The US Federal Resrve has noted their interest, but not yet joined.
[Tue 11:20:47] *	ShaneM voip software on my cell must not interface with my BT headset correctly
[Tue 11:20:50] *	burn paroneayea, yes, that was Dan (Burnett, aka burn) :)
[Tue 11:20:53] <voip-vctf>	19146563103 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003ce] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:21:01] <ShaneM>	q?
[Tue 11:21:01] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: erkorb_rm
[Tue 11:21:01] <manu>	ack erkorb_rm 
[Tue 11:21:01] <voip-vctf>	erkorb_rm has the floor.
[Tue 11:21:29] <dlongley>	i think there's a presumption that government/law enforcement will always be potentially involved in any of these systems... but somewhat in the periphery
[Tue 11:21:33] <bblfish>	One should ask the Estonian government, as they have a very good reputation in this space
[Tue 11:21:47] <gkellogg>	Eric: I think we might want to add “authoritative bodies” or other organizations with some specific authority. That’s often government, but could be unions or other organizations.
[Tue 11:22:01] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:22:01] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:22:12] <gkellogg>	manu: Are they issures? Do some issures need special consideration.
[Tue 11:22:27] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Tue 11:22:27] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:22:50] <erkorb_rm>	+1 regulutory compliance
[Tue 11:22:58] <gkellogg>	dlongley: Govenment does make sense in the issure sense, but we’re also interested in regulatory compliance. In these cases, they might not be issuers.
[Tue 11:23:38] <gkellogg>	manu: We might need to mention regulatory compliance, specifically in the benefits section.
[Tue 11:23:54] <gkellogg>	… Perhaps we need a section on regulators as being a stake-holder.
[Tue 11:24:02] <dlongley>	q-
[Tue 11:24:02] <voip-vctf>	undefined isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:24:40] <manu>	gkellogg: These might not be issuers of things - not direct consumers / not direct issuers - but indirect consumers/issuers.
[Tue 11:24:43] <paroneayea>	:\
[Tue 11:25:26] <burn>	q+
[Tue 11:25:26] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: burn
[Tue 11:25:41] <gkellogg>	dlongley: we want to be sure we can comply with regulatory concerns, but maybe not call them stake-holders.
[Tue 11:25:48] <manu>	ack burn 
[Tue 11:25:48] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor.
[Tue 11:26:12] <gkellogg>	burn: In the IETF, they use is “Lawfull Intercept”.
[Tue 11:27:07] <gkellogg>	… IETF says they have no intention to expressly create support for Lawfull Intercept. It’s virtually impossible for one agency to provide for compliance in all regions.
[Tue 11:27:29] <paroneayea>	burn: +1 deciding to leave "lawful intercept" (or, backdoors) out of scope
[Tue 11:27:39] *	Erik (~Erik@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:27:48] <dlongley>	+1 to adding "regulatory compliance" etc. in a few other places for each stakeholder.
[Tue 11:28:14] <burn>	the issue I was bringing up is that compliance means different things in different geopolitical regions, so it's better to stay out of that space if we can just because it can take too long to figure out how to accommodate compliance for the whole world
[Tue 11:28:15] <gkellogg>	manu: we can add some parentheticals. This requires some lawyering on the language, but is intended to provide clear terms for different roles and that there are clear users behind each.
[Tue 11:28:33] *	Erik I just found out about this channel. Can you give me a link Manu?
[Tue 11:28:52] <paroneayea>	does anyone else hear music playing over things?
[Tue 11:28:59] *	dlongley yes, someone has put us on hold.
[Tue 11:29:02] <bblfish>	yes, not too bad
[Tue 11:29:03] *	dezell Erik it's all in the invitation
[Tue 11:29:04] <Carla_Casilli>	dance break
[Tue 11:29:09] <voip-vctf>	Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003cf] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:29:09] *	dezell I sent it to you
[Tue 11:29:11] <voip-vctf>	Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003bc] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:29:18] <gkellogg>	manu: does anyone have issues with the stakeholders section?
[Tue 11:29:19] *	burn I can't hear at all over this
[Tue 11:29:25] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: DanBurnett [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003af], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000003b0], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000003b1], ShaneM [SIP/50.171.235.149-000003b2], Matthew Collier [SIP/6008-000003b5], JasonWeaver [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003b8], John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003ba], RichardVarn [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003bb], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003be], ChrisWebber [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003bd], bblfish
[Tue 11:29:25] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/sip2sip.info-000003bf], dezell [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c1], GregKidd [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c2], 12816827882 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c3], SunnyLee [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c4], Sunny Lee [SIP/45.48.18.78-000003c5], RobDmitriyEric [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c9], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000003cb], Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003cc], 19146563103 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003ce], Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003cf].
[Tue 11:29:27] <voip-vctf>	Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003d0] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:29:36] <voip-vctf>	Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003cf] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:29:40] <voip-vctf>	Muting 12816827882 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c3].
[Tue 11:29:43] <voip-vctf>	Unmuting 12816827882 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c3].
[Tue 11:29:54] <voip-vctf>	Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003d0] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:30:12] <voip-vctf>	Associated dezell with SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c3.
[Tue 11:30:15] *	ShaneM I think it was me but I am not certain.  sorry.  phone went insane
[Tue 11:30:31] <manu>	PROPOSAL: Adopt the Stakeholders section as it stands in the wiki.
[Tue 11:30:32] <voip-vctf>	Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003d1] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:30:34] <burn>	+1
[Tue 11:30:35] <gkellogg>	+1
[Tue 11:30:36] <manu>	+1
[Tue 11:30:36] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:30:36] <JohnTib>	+1
[Tue 11:30:36] *	dezell hmmmm.. I'm on mute, but I was hearing all the music
[Tue 11:30:36] <paroneayea>	+1
[Tue 11:30:37] <collier-matthew>	+1
[Tue 11:30:39] <bway>	+1
[Tue 11:30:40] <dezell>	+1
[Tue 11:30:41] <ShaneM>	+1
[Tue 11:30:44] <Richard>	+1
[Tue 11:30:46] <GregKidd>	+1
[Tue 11:30:49] *	dezell same as everybody
[Tue 11:30:50] <StuartSutton>	+1
[Tue 11:30:50] <Erik>	+1
[Tue 11:30:57] <manu>	RESOLVED: Adopt the Stakeholders section as it stands in the wiki.
[Tue 11:30:59] <bblfish>	+1 I had some suggestions above ( eg: DMV, Estonia )
[Tue 11:31:01] <voip-vctf>	Shane Cell [SIP/50.171.235.149-000003d2] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:31:13] <manu>	Topic: Review Task Force Operation
[Tue 11:31:20] <ShaneM>	voip: 3d2 is me
[Tue 11:31:20] <voip-vctf>	Associated ShaneM with SIP/50.171.235.149-000003d2.
[Tue 11:31:21] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#Task_Force_Operation
[Tue 11:31:48] <gkellogg>	manu: We’re basically saying that when the TF is formed, it will be formed as described:
[Tue 11:32:14] <gkellogg>	be composed of representatives from the Financial, Education, Healthcare, NGO, and Government sectors
[Tue 11:32:15] <gkellogg>	have individual recorded interview calls at times that work for the interviewees
[Tue 11:32:16] <gkellogg>	have weekly calls starting on Tuesdays at 11am ET (but could be rescheduled for other times that work better for participants) on a to-be-determined teleconference bridge
[Tue 11:32:17] <gkellogg>	work on completing the identified deliverables
[Tue 11:32:18] <gkellogg>	will report its findings to the WPIG by early February
[Tue 11:32:18] <burn>	Manu, did we expressly approve the benefits section? (or did I miss you saying we wouldn't)
[Tue 11:32:38] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:32:38] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dezell
[Tue 11:32:18] <gkellogg>	manu: We skipped it, it's at the end of the agenda.
[Tue 11:32:38] <burn>	(sorry, thanks.)
[Tue 11:33:29] <manu>	ack dezell 
[Tue 11:33:29] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:34:18] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:34:18] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dezell
[Tue 11:34:22] <manu>	ack dezell 
[Tue 11:34:22] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:34:59] <gkellogg>	manu: The proposal should be that it is composed of the stake-holders described in the proposal.
[Tue 11:35:13] <gkellogg>	dezell: two different lists might be confusing.
[Tue 11:35:21] <burn>	how about "will encourage participation from the stakeholders"
[Tue 11:35:34] <voip-vctf>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003d3] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:35:35] <gkellogg>	manu: The participants should be at least those listed.
[Tue 11:35:46] <dlongley>	+1 to burn
[Tue 11:35:53] <dlongley>	better because we can't force them to participate.
[Tue 11:36:00] <burn>	I don't want us to be stuck because we couldn't get one of them to join
[Tue 11:36:16] <manu>	now read "will encourage participation from at least the stakeholders identified in this proposal"
[Tue 11:36:29] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:36:33] <JohnTib>	+1
[Tue 11:36:40] <StuartSutton>	+1
[Tue 11:36:53] <Richard>	+1
[Tue 11:37:10] <gkellogg>	manu: Do we want to say we’re trying to be inclusive and there are no restrictions on joining as long as you’re constructive.
[Tue 11:37:13] <paroneayea>	+1
[Tue 11:37:15] <gkellogg>	+1
[Tue 11:37:15] *	ottonomy (~ottonomy@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:37:17] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:37:28] *	ottonomy is now known as NateOtto
[Tue 11:37:34] <GregKidd>	+1
[Tue 11:37:54] <NateOtto>	+1 no objection here (just joining on chat have been on audio for the last few minutes)
[Tue 11:38:03] <gkellogg>	manu: The TF is open to non-W3C members, but once it goes to the WG there are membership requirements.
[Tue 11:38:08] <burn>	+1 about inclusive as long as we include Manu's second part about constructiveness
[Tue 11:38:17] <paroneayea>	one thing that could be helpful is having a way to understand how to handle when someone goes into unconstructive territory (could adopt one of the boilerplate code of conduct documents out there)
[Tue 11:38:43] <dlongley>	"anyone is permitted to provide constructive input"
[Tue 11:38:52] <manu>	"anyone is encouraged to participate so long as they are providing constructive input"
[Tue 11:38:59] <bblfish>	constructive seems like the equivalent to "working code" in the IETF
[Tue 11:39:04] <gkellogg>	+1 to manu
[Tue 11:39:18] <paroneayea>	well I also think "constructive behavior" is important
[Tue 11:39:30] <StuartSutton>	+1 to Manu
[Tue 11:39:33] <dlongley>	should be "everyone" in manu's version.
[Tue 11:39:42] <paroneayea>	manu, right that was a reply to "working code" as bblfish raised it
[Tue 11:39:48] <bblfish>	+1
[Tue 11:39:49] <paroneayea>	+1 to manu
[Tue 11:39:49] <dezell>	+0 is concerned that it's non-informational.
[Tue 11:39:51] <ShaneM>	+1 to manu with "everyone"
[Tue 11:40:15] <gkellogg>	dezell: I think people already expect constructive participation.
[Tue 11:40:30] <gkellogg>	manu: I’m trying to make it clear that you don’t need to be W3C members.
[Tue 11:40:40] <Richard>	+1 constructive behavior
[Tue 11:40:51] <gkellogg>	dezell: “Membership in the taskforce is open to the wider community of stake-holders”
[Tue 11:40:56] *	ShaneM notes that w3c members can participate even if they are not being constructive ;-)
[Tue 11:41:04] <manu>	"Membership in the Task Force is open to the wider community of stakeholders (everyone)"
[Tue 11:41:25] <dlongley>	"task force participation is open to the public; the only requirement is constructive input."
[Tue 11:41:32] <paroneayea>	fine by me
[Tue 11:41:45] <paroneayea>	+1 to either
[Tue 11:41:47] <dezell>	+1 dave longley
[Tue 11:41:47] <Richard>	wide community ok +1
[Tue 11:41:51] <burn>	+1 to either manu or dlongley text
[Tue 11:41:56] <StuartSutton>	+1 to either
[Tue 11:41:58] <JohnTib>	+1 to dlongley
[Tue 11:41:59] <bblfish>	+1  to dlongley
[Tue 11:42:02] <Erik>	+1 so long as W3C doesnt contest membership
[Tue 11:42:40] *	burn @erik, I'm sure we'll hear from W3C if it's a problem :)
[Tue 11:43:03] <manu>	PROPOSAL: Adopt the Task Force Operation section as it stands in the wiki.
[Tue 11:43:05] <ShaneM>	I note that the second bullet is NOT parallel with the others
[Tue 11:43:09] <gkellogg>	+1
[Tue 11:43:12] <bway>	+1
[Tue 11:43:17] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:43:18] <dezell>	1
[Tue 11:43:22] <Carla_Casilli>	+1
[Tue 11:43:23] <StuartSutton>	+1
[Tue 11:43:24] <JohnTib>	+1
[Tue 11:43:29] <Erik>	+1
[Tue 11:43:32] *	dezell sorry no plus
[Tue 11:43:36] <NateOtto>	+1
[Tue 11:43:40] <Carla_Casilli>	it's not grammatically parallel
[Tue 11:43:52] <burn>	+1
[Tue 11:44:16] <ShaneM>	+1 but editorially want to fix item two to be gramatically parallel
[Tue 11:44:21] <manu>	RESOLVED: Adopt the Task Force Operation section as it stands in the wiki.
[Tue 11:44:22] <gkellogg>	ShaneM: notes gramatical inconcistency which is an editorial fix.
[Tue 11:44:33] <manu>	Topic: Review Success Criteria
[Tue 11:44:39] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#Success_criteria
[Tue 11:45:17] <gkellogg>	manu: This says the we can either not add value, or a WG charter which is generally acceptable and can go to vote.
[Tue 11:45:56] <gkellogg>	… We thought the IG should provide the starter, and the TF provide documentation.
[Tue 11:46:09] <gkellogg>	… Alternatively, TG writes charter and hands off to IG.
[Tue 11:46:25] <dlongley>	"Sufficient documentation for the WPIG to create a well-socialized W3C Credentials Working Group charter."
[Tue 11:46:57] <dlongley>	"Produce sufficient documentation for the WPIG to create a well-socialized W3C Credentials Working Group charter."
[Tue 11:47:15] <gkellogg>	Erik: I’d leave a —placeholder— WG, not credentials, as that might not make it through.
[Tue 11:47:52] <gkellogg>	manu: Documentation to support the creation of a WG.
[Tue 11:49:15] <gkellogg>	dlongley: It seems that the success criteria aren’t symetric.
[Tue 11:49:53] <gkellogg>	… Basically, the result should be to create or not to create.
[Tue 11:49:57] <ShaneM>	Clear documentation demonstrating that W3C *can* add value along with sufficient information to create a working group charter...
[Tue 11:50:07] <NateOtto>	Is not putting a draft charter into our scope going to slow things down if we decide yea one should be created?
[Tue 11:50:14] <Carla_Casilli>	Now all we're delivering is documentation
[Tue 11:50:36] <gkellogg>	Erik: why not actually create the proposal?
[Tue 11:51:14] <manu>	Carla, yes, task force delivers documentation in 3 months - Working Group does the technical work to solve the problem.
[Tue 11:51:45] *	Diana has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:52:12] <gkellogg>	manu: I don’t think that would slow us down. We’ve been building momentum in the Credentials CG. The larger community isn’t aware of the work, so we need to get buy-in from a larger community.
[Tue 11:52:27] <gkellogg>	… The job of the TF is to do that outreach in a neutral fashion.
[Tue 11:52:34] <ShaneM>	note that we would need to modify the deliverables area so that it says something like "A widely socialized Verifiable Claims Working Group charter, or sufficient documentation so that such a charter can be drafted"
[Tue 11:52:51] *	dlongley clarification: "no technical discussion" => "no technical *decisions*"
[Tue 11:52:52] <gkellogg>	… The outcome will be a WG to address the technical solutions.
[Tue 11:53:08] <gkellogg>	… It’s difficult to have this discussion and propose a particular technical solution.
[Tue 11:53:45] *	Diana (~Diana@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:53:55] <Carla_Casilli>	all good
[Tue 11:54:13] <gkellogg>	manu: Charter writing is pretty straight-forward once you have a good problem statement. Trying to block out the work to be focus and scoped.
[Tue 11:54:21] *	ShaneM has a hard stop at the top of the hour
[Tue 11:55:46] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#Success_criteria
[Tue 11:56:00] <gkellogg>	manu: (asks for concensus on success critera)
[Tue 11:56:13] <manu>	PROPOSAL: Adopt the success criteria as it stands in the wiki.
[Tue 11:56:09] <JohnTib>	+1
[Tue 11:56:14] <dezell>	+1
[Tue 11:56:15] <ShaneM>	+1 on the success criteria
[Tue 11:56:15] <gkellogg>	+1
[Tue 11:56:16] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:56:16] <manu>	+1
[Tue 11:56:17] <StuartSutton>	+1
[Tue 11:56:17] <NateOtto>	+1
[Tue 11:56:17] <burn>	+1
[Tue 11:56:18] <collier-matthew>	+1
[Tue 11:56:30] <Carla_Casilli>	+1
[Tue 11:56:31] <bway>	+1
[Tue 11:56:31] <Erik>	+1
[Tue 11:56:32] <Richard>	+1
[Tue 11:56:39] <paroneayea>	+1
[Tue 11:56:41] <manu>	RESOLVED: Adopt the success criteria as it stands in the wiki.
[Tue 11:57:37] *	gkellogg AFK
[Tue 11:58:24] <dlongley>	Topic: Next Steps
[Tue 11:58:24] <dlongley>	manu: We need to talk about breaking this work into phases ... so we can convince other organizations that we're doing it in small chunks (haven't bitten off more than we can chew).
[Tue 11:58:36] <dlongley>	scribe: dlongley
[Tue 11:58:57] <dlongley>	manu: We'll also be bringing in experts in the field, Brad Hill, Dick Hardt, etc. Having them look at the problem statement and give us feedback.
[Tue 11:59:08] <dlongley>	manu: There will be a series of interviews, they may not all occur on this call but we'll record all of them.
[Tue 11:59:20] *	gkellogg back
[Tue 11:59:22] <dlongley>	manu: We may be doing 3-4 interviews a week that are an hour long with each of these experts.
[Tue 11:59:37] <gkellogg>	manu: Do interviews and start documentation.
[Tue 11:59:47] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:59:47] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dezell
[Tue 12:00:03] <manu>	ack dezell 
[Tue 12:00:04] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 12:00:24] *	GregKidd has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:00:29] <voip-vctf>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003d3] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:30] *	SLee has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:00:30] <Carla_Casilli>	thanks, all!
[Tue 12:00:30] <Carla_Casilli>	Present+ Rob, Dmitriy
[Tue 12:00:32] <voip-vctf>	Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003d1] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:34] <voip-vctf>	Sunny Lee [SIP/45.48.18.78-000003c5] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:35] <voip-vctf>	Gregg Kellogg [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003be] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:35] <voip-vctf>	bblfish [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003bf] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:35] <voip-vctf>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000003b0] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:36] *	StuartSutton (~StuartSutton@public.cloak) has left #vctf
[Tue 12:00:37] <voip-vctf>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000003b1] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:37] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003cc] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:39] <voip-vctf>	Matthew Collier [SIP/6008-000003b5] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:39] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000003cb] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:40] *	Diana has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:00:40] *	burn has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:00:48] *	rtrainer has quit (Client closed connection)
[Tue 12:00:49] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:00:50] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: DanBurnett [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003af], ShaneM [SIP/50.171.235.149-000003b2], JasonWeaver [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003b8], John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003ba], RichardVarn [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003bb], ChrisWebber [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003bd], dezell [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c1], GregKidd [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c2], dezell [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c3], SunnyLee [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c4], RobDmitriyEric
[Tue 12:00:50] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c9], 19146563103 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003ce], ShaneM [SIP/50.171.235.149-000003d2].
[Tue 12:00:54] <manu>	voip: disconnect 3b2
[Tue 12:00:54] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting ShaneM [SIP/50.171.235.149-000003b2].
[Tue 12:00:54] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM [SIP/50.171.235.149-000003b2] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:58] <voip-vctf>	John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003ba] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:03] *	Carla_Casilli has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:01:03] <manu>	voip: disconnect 3af
[Tue 12:01:03] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting DanBurnett [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003af].
[Tue 12:01:03] <voip-vctf>	DanBurnett [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003af] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:08] <manu>	voip: disconnect 3bb
[Tue 12:01:08] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting RichardVarn [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003bb].
[Tue 12:01:09] <voip-vctf>	RichardVarn [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003bb] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:11] <manu>	voip: disconnect 3bd
[Tue 12:01:11] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting ChrisWebber [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003bd].
[Tue 12:01:11] <voip-vctf>	ChrisWebber [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003bd] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:14] *	JohnTib has quit ("Textual IRC Client: www.textualapp.com")
[Tue 12:01:14] <manu>	voip: disconnect 3c1
[Tue 12:01:14] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting dezell [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c1].
[Tue 12:01:14] <voip-vctf>	dezell [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c1] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:17] <manu>	voip: disconnect 3c2
[Tue 12:01:17] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting GregKidd [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c2].
[Tue 12:01:17] <voip-vctf>	GregKidd [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c2] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:20] <manu>	voip: disconnect 3c3
[Tue 12:01:20] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting dezell [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c3].
[Tue 12:01:20] <voip-vctf>	dezell [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c3] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:22] <manu>	voip: disconnect 3c4
[Tue 12:01:23] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting SunnyLee [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c4].
[Tue 12:01:23] <voip-vctf>	SunnyLee [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c4] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:24] <manu>	voip: disconnect 3c9
[Tue 12:01:24] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting RobDmitriyEric [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c9].
[Tue 12:01:24] <voip-vctf>	RobDmitriyEric [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003c9] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:28] <manu>	voip: disconnect 3ce
[Tue 12:01:28] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting 19146563103 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003ce].
[Tue 12:01:28] <voip-vctf>	19146563103 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003ce] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:30] <manu>	voip: disconnect 3d2
[Tue 12:01:30] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting ShaneM [SIP/50.171.235.149-000003d2].
[Tue 12:01:30] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM [SIP/50.171.235.149-000003d2] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:35] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:01:35] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: JasonWeaver [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003b8].
[Tue 12:01:39] <manu>	voip: disconnect 3b8
[Tue 12:01:39] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting JasonWeaver [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003b8].
[Tue 12:01:40] <voip-vctf>	JasonWeaver [SIP/69.71.222.196-000003b8] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:40] <voip-vctf>	No one is in the conference.
