[Tue 11:04:25] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Apr/0035.html
[Tue 11:04:58] <manu>	scribe: burn
[Tue 11:05:33] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000000d1] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:35] <burn>	manu:  (reviews agenda)
[Tue 11:06:43] <manu>	Topic: Introductions to New Participants
[Tue 11:06:44] <burn>	manu:  United Nations meeting happening soon that we'll hear an update on.  That's the only addition I have to the agenda.
[Tue 11:07:11] <burn>	manu:  New participant from Estonian government.
[Tue 11:07:25] *	dlongley Kaspar is speaking
[Tue 11:08:19] <burn>	korjus:  Started program 18 months ago to give digital identities to everyone internationally who wants one.  Have done this domestically for 15 years.  Already have prescriptions, many other areas using digital ids.  Over 10000 eResidents so far.
[Tue 11:08:46] <burn>	... most from Asia so far.  Used heavily to be able to run businesses remotely.
[Tue 11:10:01] <voip-vctf>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000000d2] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:08] <voip-vctf>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000000d2] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:10:27] <burn>	... Have experience with both problem and solution.  Want to share eResident information (if permission given) to other service providers (PayPal, BrainTree).  Here to learn more about what W3C is doing and how to use existing platforms and standards, as well as to give feedback on what Estonia has done.
[Tue 11:11:05] <burn>	manu:  Estonia is the leader in government-supplied e-identities, FYI.
[Tue 11:11:17] <manu>	Topic: United Nations ID2020 Initiative
[Tue 11:12:02] <manu>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust
[Tue 11:12:59] <burn>	Allen:  In "rebooting web of trust", top crypto people looked at what decentralized identity means.  The ID2020 people were there a year ago and proposed a UN event.  It will be on May 20th.  First digital identity summit at UN.
[Tue 11:13:41] <burn>	... one-day event.  Not a design workshop, but followed by a 2-day design workshop to look at use cases from the policy people the prior day.
[Tue 11:14:00] <manu>	ID2020 Design Workshop: http://www.weboftrust.info/
[Tue 11:14:08] <burn>	Allen: There are 1.8 billion people without any form of identity, and the ID2020 people want to be able to provide that for them.
[Tue 11:15:47] <burn>	... One concern raised is abuse within or across countries where privacy is not paramount.  Also, many approaches rely on biometrics or other info tightly tied to individuals.  Just some perspectives being considered.
[Tue 11:16:41] <burn>	... One expected topic is something like verified credentials.
[Tue 11:16:53] <ChristopherA>	www.weboftrust.info
[Tue 11:17:00] <burn>	manu:  May 20th for the ID2020, then 21-22 for design summit
[Tue 11:17:13] <manu>	http://id2020summit.org/
[Tue 11:18:15] <burn>	christopherA: Working with Blockscreen (?), have recently joined W3C.  Interested in payments, other blockchain protocols.
[Tue 11:18:32] <burn>	manu:  who can come to summit and workshop?
[Tue 11:19:19] <burn>	allen:  need to apply at the summit website since attendance is limited.  The workshop requires a one or two page position/problem/solution paper to be submitted.
[Tue 11:19:58] <burn>	Kaspar:  I was invited but could not attend.  Aman Kumar will be there and can talk about eResident program.
[Tue 11:20:03] <ChristopherA>	I will also be at IIW next week.
[Tue 11:20:21] <ChristopherA>	I would be glad to meet with anyone. Unconference, so easy to meet.
[Tue 11:20:26] <burn>	manu:  Christopher and Drummond will be at IIW.
[Tue 11:20:35] <manu>	Topic: Review of Questionnaire Responses
[Tue 11:20:48] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1wS32QHfxeqVu32LyZt57fVjqnywdET2ytLcaHhVxbFY/viewform?c=0&w=1
[Tue 11:21:05] *	dezell started his questionnaire, but rebooted his laptop inadvertantly... starting over.
[Tue 11:21:17] <burn>	manu:  Please fill out this questionnaire if you haven't and want this work to proceed.
[Tue 11:21:45] <burn>	... if we do not get enough people the work will not start.
[Tue 11:22:46] <burn>	... we have asked around 65 people in this space already and have gotten 24 responses so far.  We are hoping for 50 responses total at least. Will be sending two more reminders.
[Tue 11:23:39] <burn>	... Feedback from payment/financial companies, educational sector, federal governments so far.  Heavy on education but could use more!
[Tue 11:24:11] <manu>	We asked "The Verifiable Claims Problem Statement is accurate" - 64% strongly agreeing, 36% mostly agreeing
[Tue 11:24:13] <burn>	... (Manu summarizes results for each question and will post into IRC)
[Tue 11:24:39] <manu>	We asked "The Goals proposed by the Verifiable Claims work are good goals to pursue": 72% strongly agreeing, 28% mostly agreeing
[Tue 11:25:06] <manu>	We asked "The Scope of Work and Deliverables would help address the Problem Statement": 32% strongly agree, 68% mostly agreeing
[Tue 11:25:25] <burn>	q+
[Tue 11:25:25] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: burn
[Tue 11:25:53] <manu>	We asked "My organizations verifiable claims problems would be addressed if the use cases in the Use Cases document were addressed" 28% strongly agreeing, 48% mostly agreeing, 12% neutral, 4% mostly disagreeing, other
[Tue 11:26:16] <manu>	ack burn
[Tue 11:26:16] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor.
[Tue 11:26:44] <dezell>	q+ to talk about the ISO29000 work.
[Tue 11:26:44] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dezell
[Tue 11:27:14] <manu>	burn: seeing strongly agreeing and mostly agreeing is good - but it's obvious on the third question that there was a reversal - first two, predominantly, but that dropped to scope of work and deliverables - haven't seen results from the questionnaire - why do people feel scope of work and deliverables didn't get "strongly agree".
[Tue 11:27:21] <manu>	q+ to respond to why reversal happened.
[Tue 11:27:21] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: dezell, manu
[Tue 11:27:23] <manu>	ack dezell 
[Tue 11:27:23] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor (to talk about the ISO29000 work.).
[Tue 11:28:42] <manu>	dezell: Quick comment - we got some pushback from various folks on ongoing work - the specs that are a part of ISO - JCT1 - I think these specific issues ISO20111 - not an expert in these, so talked to colleagues in X9 - deeply involved in ISO but also deeply involved in payments, offered an interesting perspective - from point of view of payments folks - the ISO29000 series of work is too general to be of use to payments people. 
[Tue 11:29:16] <burn>	dezell:  we got some pushback about ongoing work in this space, specifically specs in ISO.  I think 29191.  Some colleagues involved in ISO and payments said that the 29000 work is too general to be of use.  Problem for us payments folk, but if we take the time to show its relevance it may help to get them on our side.
[Tue 11:29:22] *	manu hands scribing back over to burn.
[Tue 11:29:35] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:29:36] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to respond to why reversal happened.).
[Tue 11:29:37] *	er_korb_rm (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:29:45] <ChristopherA>	comment+
[Tue 11:29:50] <manu>	q+ ChristopherA
[Tue 11:29:50] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:30:06] <manu>	q+ to respond to why reversal happened
[Tue 11:30:06] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, manu
[Tue 11:30:12] <burn>	... while we do need to convince the W3C AC, there are other payments pepole who may be happy about this work.
[Tue 11:30:18] *	dlongley no audio from you Christopher
[Tue 11:31:50] <manu>	q+ to note the objection
[Tue 11:31:50] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, manu, manu
[Tue 11:32:01] <burn>	allen:  some of our initial uses are around ?? and travel.  Funds need to be non-fungible.  How can we still share credentials.  We like the credentials approach.  Wonder what ISO folks are thinking in this space - do they need a central authority, and if so, why?  Are concerns just history here?
[Tue 11:32:02] <dezell>	q+ for a bit of W3C history
[Tue 11:32:02] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, manu, manu, dezell
[Tue 11:32:16] <ChristopherA>	?? = kyc = know your customer
[Tue 11:32:20] <burn>	manu:  some of these orgs have invested much in OpenID and OpenConnect.
[Tue 11:32:57] <burn>	...Also they are working on a generalized way to do this, but the documents are more legal requirements than technical specifications.
[Tue 11:33:04] *	erkorb_rm has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:33:27] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 11:33:27] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:33:28] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:33:28] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to respond to why reversal happened).
[Tue 11:33:29] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:33:29] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note the objection).
[Tue 11:33:37] <burn>	... we are focused on the technical solution here.  We want alignment with legal frameworks, but that's why we are getting pushback.
[Tue 11:34:34] <ottonomy>	+1 manu. The proposed work goes most of the way toward complete solutions and is a good foundation for later work ut doesn't solve all problems on its own.
[Tue 11:35:07] <burn>	manu: regarding burn's question about reversal in questionnaire results for question 3.  What we are proposing does not propose any sort of protocol because we didn't want to get into OpenId fight, so we are starting with syntax that anyone can use.  If it becomes clear that we can't address the entire problem statement we'll go further.
[Tue 11:35:09] <ChristopherA>	+1 (our payment protocols can create confidential channels)
[Tue 11:35:49] <burn>	... this is the smallest bite we can take at this point, because including a protocol in the deliverables now will cause formal objections.
[Tue 11:36:17] <ChristopherA>	q? (or just comment here, I'm concerned a bit that we don't have a commitment around selective disclosure)
[Tue 11:36:33] <manu>	q?
[Tue 11:36:33] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: dezell
[Tue 11:36:43] <burn>	... Our problem statement alludes to lack of protocol as a problem, but since we don't propose work on it that's the issue.  Note that no one is objecting.  They are just commenting that it may not solve the whole problem.
[Tue 11:36:44] <manu>	q+ ChristopherA
[Tue 11:36:44] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: dezell, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:37:31] <manu>	q+ to note that we need implementers and to go through the rest of the questionnaire
[Tue 11:37:32] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: dezell, ChristopherA, manu
[Tue 11:37:48] <burn>	dezell:  Thanks to Chris for his post to the AC Forum.  There are two levels at W3C that matter.  One is purely technical.
[Tue 11:38:12] <manu>	ack dezell 
[Tue 11:38:12] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor (for a bit of W3C history).
[Tue 11:38:33] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 11:38:33] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:38:48] <burn>	... It sometimes seems that existing companies at W3C don't want some work to happen.  It may not be that there's anything wrong with a proposal, just that companies don't want it to happen for other (secret) reasons.
[Tue 11:39:09] <burn>	allen:  i'm concerned there is no commitment around selective disclosure.
[Tue 11:40:01] <burn>	... I understand this may be 2.0 work, but for our community it's more important and isn't offered by other standards.  In EU, I don't know how to meet their requirements without selective disclosure .
[Tue 11:40:28] <ChristopherA>	It is a complicated topic.
[Tue 11:41:03] <burn>	manu:  lack of selective disclosure so far has not been a non-starter.  Experts in this space know about selective disclosure and understand its importance and value.  The current design enables it without going into a protocol specifiying how to do it.
[Tue 11:41:27] <ShaneM>	I am open to putting the selective disclosure requirement back into the use-cases.
[Tue 11:41:48] <ShaneM>	It only got dropped out because we were winnowing down the collection.
[Tue 11:42:04] <burn>	... we have a way to only show attributes that the credential consumer is requesting.  We don't require cryptographic complexity of other approaches, and we specifically don't mention it.  If you want it, please propose specific text changes for the charter.
[Tue 11:42:05] <ChristopherA>	range proofs, heirarchical keys, etc. can also do some limited selective disclosure.
[Tue 11:42:28] <ChristopherA>	But no objections so far?
[Tue 11:42:33] <burn>	... the more we put in, the greater the risk of objections.
[Tue 11:42:51] <burn>	... there haven't been objections yet for selective disclosure, but we don't have solid proposals for it yet.
[Tue 11:42:59] <ChristopherA>	(range proofs are part of open source Elements project)
[Tue 11:43:22] <burn>	... we have a mechanism that does not require special crypto primitives in order to achieve sel. dis., but that would be part of the protocol which we are not doing now.
[Tue 11:43:51] <manu>	q?
[Tue 11:43:51] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:43:53] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:43:53] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note that we need implementers and to go through the rest of the questionnaire).
[Tue 11:43:56] <burn>	... No org so far has stated they would object because we did not include selective disclosure.
[Tue 11:44:39] <ChristopherA>	(an aside in case people don't know what a range proof is. They allow a prover to convince a verifier that a digitally committed value is a member of a given public set. A special case of this problem is when to show that the committed value lies in a specified integer range.
[Tue 11:44:44] <manu>	We asked "My organizations verifiable claims problems would be addressed if the use cases in the Use Cases document were addressed"- 28% strongly agree, 48% mostly agree, 12% are neutral...
[Tue 11:45:25] <ShaneM>	:/
[Tue 11:45:42] <burn>	manu: We asked for use case reviews but haven't received many.  Please review!
[Tue 11:46:25] <manu>	We asked "My organization would participate in the following way if a Verifiable Claims Working Group were to materialize at W3C" - 28% saying "would participate and are W3C members", 16% saying "not W3C members, but would join W3C", 16% saying "not a member, but will do technical review, but not join W3C", and 36% "other"
[Tue 11:47:37] <burn>	... the percentages aren't bad, but we don't have enough organizations saying they would join and participate.  In particular we don't have enough committed to implement whatever we create.
[Tue 11:49:10] <burn>	... When we asked why people wouldn't participate, the answers were about money/support, or only wanting it focused more just on education.  But there were few of these responses.
[Tue 11:49:44] <ChristopherA>	Stagger days of week for pings.
[Tue 11:49:54] <manu>	Topic: Work Items
[Tue 11:49:55] <ChristopherA>	Do one on a friday night, for instance
[Tue 11:49:56] <burn>	... will keep this open for two more weeks.  Again, want 50 responses.  W3C minimum bar is 20 organizations saying they would participate as members.
[Tue 11:50:16] <manu>	Charter Cleanup
[Tue 11:50:23] <burn>	... there are three items to focus on
[Tue 11:50:52] <burn>	... FAQ, use cases, charter.  Use cases doc is suffering from lack of reviews.
[Tue 11:51:42] <ChristopherA>	(I have reached out to IBM and Intel's reps to comment — will continue to prod)
[Tue 11:51:46] <burn>	... We could also create a spec to use as input to a WG.  Google and MSFT made comments on the public list saying they would rather have the work incubated first.
[Tue 11:52:08] <burn>	... Mike Champion (MSFT) and Chris Wilson (Google).
[Tue 11:53:06] <burn>	... They want to see what the technical proposal would be.  But they are the same orgs that made the same request when the payments work was starting.  We could create a spec that is what we have so far but removes the protocol pieces.
[Tue 11:53:08] <dlongley>	they may also only be looking for that because they are browser vendors -- and there's nothing for the browsers to implement here.
[Tue 11:53:29] <ShaneM>	+1 to splitting the document and putting the limited version forward as a strawhorse
[Tue 11:53:32] <dlongley>	it's a trap! -- Admiral Ackbar
[Tue 11:53:42] <burn>	manu: shouldn't be too hard to pull together.  Thoughts?  Is this a trap for us, to have a doc that people can shoot down?
[Tue 11:54:00] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:54:00] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dezell
[Tue 11:54:10] <manu>	ack dezell 
[Tue 11:54:10] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:54:22] <ChristopherA>	(I reached out to Wayne Carr of Intel, and Arnaud Le Hors of IBM — both may have reasons to support verified credentials because of their blockchain efforts)
[Tue 11:54:23] <burn>	dave:  mainly just having fun with my General Ackbar comment.
[Tue 11:54:40] <ShaneM>	The goldilocks spec
[Tue 11:54:41] <manu>	ChristopherA: I'll include them in the ping for questionnaire fill out
[Tue 11:54:52] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:54:52] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:54:59] <burn>	dezell:  a catch-22 here, if you do nothing it gets shot down, if you put details it can get shot down, but there is often a happy medium that will work
[Tue 11:55:12] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Tue 11:55:12] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:55:31] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:55:31] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:55:51] <burn>	dlongley:  one of the issues may be that there is nothing for the browsers to implement, so Google and MSFT may not see value.
[Tue 11:55:56] <ShaneM>	+1 to make it clear there is nothing for browsers to do.  and it would be good for implementors to speak up
[Tue 11:55:59] <ottonomy>	Don't know enough about the politics to evaluate risk either way. It is hard to get the right level of low-fi abstraction to not get dragged into the weeds on minutiae without the ability to respond (because it's really the job of a working group to sort out).
[Tue 11:56:09] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 11:56:09] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:56:18] <burn>	... a related question then is who would implement, which is why Pearson and others need to respond.
[Tue 11:57:03] <dlongley>	i think the best response would be: "Browsers don't need to implement anything --- and these orgs X, Y, and Z will be implementing and/or using."
[Tue 11:57:13] <burn>	Allen:  we may need to be more specific about why new blockchain technologies are needing this.  Traditional solutions are not working with block chains.
[Tue 11:57:23] <dlongley>	that addresses both of their main concerns, IMO.
[Tue 11:57:51] <burn>	... Will try to articulate this better, that the demand is not just for web browser web payments.
[Tue 11:58:36] <burn>	manu:  I'm hearing weak support for putting together a goldilocks spec that makes weak statements.
[Tue 11:58:36] *	dlongley I suppose it's Admiral Ackbar. My bad :)
[Tue 11:59:00] <burn>	... wrt MSFT and Google, we can respond with much of what was discussed today.
[Tue 11:59:22] <burn>	Allen:  proof of publication/existence may also be good to include.
[Tue 11:59:45] <voip-vctf>	Jim Goodell [SIP/75.131.153.6-000000d9] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:59:59] <ottonomy>	Will take an action to review use cases. Sorry I've been very busy!
[Tue 12:00:11] <ShaneM>	 let's have spec-ops do the simplification
[Tue 12:00:12] <burn>	manu:  I am doing charter cleanup, Shane the use cases, but we are stalled on the latter because not enough reviews.  Please review (again).  I will work with Dave L on the reduced spec.
[Tue 12:00:24] <burn>	... if you know of anyone who could be an implementer, please talk to them.
[Tue 12:00:29] <ChristopherA>	Thank you.
[Tue 12:00:32] <burn>	Shane:  specOps should do spec.
[Tue 12:00:32] <burn>	Present+ goodell, sletten, kellogg, lehn, hofman, trainer
