[Tue 11:02:29] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Aug/0039.html
[Tue 11:02:29] <manu>	Date: 2015-08-26
[Tue 11:02:29] <manu>	scribe: gkellogg
[Tue 11:02:33] *	SLee__ (2d30124e@gateway/web/freenode/ip.45.48.18.78) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:03:01] <gkellogg>	manu: need to wrap-up recruiting drive. Need to ping one more time and give them a last opportunity.
[Tue 11:03:12] <gkellogg>	… We’re doing pretty well.
[Tue 11:03:33] <gkellogg>	… Also need to get back to standards implementaitons.
[Tue 11:03:53] <voip-cr>	14045426185 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000011] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:04:03] *	blame ^ is Brendan Benshoof
[Tue 11:04:08] <manu>	voip: 11 is Brendan
[Tue 11:04:08] <voip-cr>	Associated Brendan with SIP/69.71.222.196-00000011.
[Tue 11:04:40] <manu>	Topic: Recruiting
[Tue 11:05:21] <gkellogg>	manu: we’ve had a drop-off in new people signing up. We have about 60 organizations that haven’t responded yet, but we have a good set to show W3C.
[Tue 11:06:04] <gkellogg>	Tibbetts: I’ve sent an update about Vital Source.
[Tue 11:06:23] *	gkellogg please indicate speaker for minutes
[Tue 11:07:24] <gkellogg>	manu: W3C tries to get larger companies first, but will accept smaller companies.
[Tue 11:07:25] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-00000012] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:33] <manu>	ACTION: Manu to follow up with Ian about VitalSource as W3C member.
[Tue 11:08:40] <gkellogg>	manu: W3C staff are having deliberations on when to have a call for us.
[Tue 11:08:54] <gkellogg>	… I’m presenting again at the Web Payments F2F in Sapporo Japan.
[Tue 11:09:22] <gkellogg>	… a number of members have stepped up and said they want this on the agenda.
[Tue 11:10:40] <gkellogg>	sunny: Are you familiar with the connecting credentials event that’s going on?
[Tue 11:10:53] <gkellogg>	richard: we know about it, and we’re going.
[Tue 11:10:57] <SLee__>	http://connectingcredentials.org/national-dialogue/#co-sponsors
[Tue 11:11:19] *	retsej (~andrew@masada.cs.gsu.edu) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:11:43] <gkellogg>	sunny: a lot of the work is descdribed on their website.
[Tue 11:11:54] <gkellogg>	manu: how does this dovetail with badges and so forth?
[Tue 11:12:01] *	Jim___ (4b839cc9@gateway/web/freenode/ip.75.131.156.201) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:12:36] *	korb (~eric.korb@ool-182d4d6d.dyn.optonline.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:12:45] <gkellogg>	sunny: too early to tell how this impacts us, they’re having a meeting in D.C. on Oct. 5.
[Tue 11:13:25] <gkellogg>	richard: there’s a place we can submit things ahead of time. We can add something to their site about what we’re doing.
[Tue 11:13:25] <voip-cr>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000014] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:14:01] <gkellogg>	manu: we’ll make it an agenda item for next week, and talk about who should present our work there.
[Tue 11:14:28] <manu>	Topic: Standards Implementation Foundation
[Tue 11:14:54] <gkellogg>	manu: about a year ago we discussed creating a group that would do technical implementaitons of the work we’re doing here.
[Tue 11:15:09] <gkellogg>	… This was called the “Open Payments Foundation”, because we thought this would interesect.
[Tue 11:15:24] <gkellogg>	… But, in June, the payments group put credentials on the back-burner.
[Tue 11:15:53] <gkellogg>	… The foundation would have hired engineers to do open source implementaions of various standards, but the effort fell off.
[Tue 11:16:30] <gkellogg>	… We had submitted with the Software Payment Concervancy, but they haven’t gotten back to us.
[Tue 11:16:51] <gkellogg>	… We’re not making good enough progress on creating this organization, and it’s important that we do.
[Tue 11:17:06] <korb>	This orginazation is the Foundation, not the Credentials Community Group
[Tue 11:17:34] <gkellogg>	Manu: I had a discussion with a large world-wide technology organization, and they’ve said they’re interested in our work, but they’re planning on basing the hash table work on BitCoin.
[Tue 11:18:10] <gkellogg>	… They want to go standards track with their platform. They’re aligned with our goals, but have different ideas on the distributed hash.
[Tue 11:18:46] <gkellogg>	… They’re counter argument as that they want to launch in 5 months, and the Blockchain is out there and can be used.
[Tue 11:19:16] <gkellogg>	… We should already have an implementation of WebDHT, but we dont. So, organizations are willing to go forward with Blockchain.
[Tue 11:19:37] <gkellogg>	blame: There’s an easy conflation in terms if it’s “a” or “the” Blockchain.
[Tue 11:19:45] <gkellogg>	manu: “The” Blockchain.
[Tue 11:20:26] <blame>	q-
[Tue 11:20:26] <voip-cr>	undefined isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:20:37] <gkellogg>	… Problem for us doing this is that noone has put up funding for this yet. It’s a large project which requires the full support of the community to do such implementaitons.
[Tue 11:21:54] <gkellogg>	… THey want to collaborate with us, and we should get into a discussion with them about particulars of Blockchain and decentralized ledgers. But, we’re not in a possition as a community to move on this thing. As a result, such a large organization may try to make a de-facto standard, which would be pretty horrible for interoperability.
[Tue 11:22:10] <voip-cr>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000016] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:22:29] <gkellogg>	… For example, Internet of Things devices are too underpowered for the Blockchain. THe easiest counter is to say we have an implementation. But, we’re falling behind.
[Tue 11:22:57] <blame>	+1 multiple Decentralized Backends
[Tue 11:22:59] <gkellogg>	bsletten: is it not possible to have multiple DiD implementations, and this could be one of 2 or three?
[Tue 11:23:20] <gkellogg>	manu: could be, but issues about namespace, and URI schemes.
[Tue 11:23:48] <gkellogg>	… This also makes implementaions more complex. We’re trying to keep the complexity down.
[Tue 11:24:04] <gkellogg>	dlongley: it also creates different levels of trust, depending on what network is used.
[Tue 11:24:44] <gkellogg>	manu: For example, all mining activity is in China, and they could presumably overwhelm the system and take over ids.
[Tue 11:24:56] <voip-cr>	16786651415 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000017] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:25:01] <gkellogg>	bsletten: It seems like a problem we should be able to handle.
[Tue 11:25:20] <gkellogg>	brendan: We could also mirror different systems to create a single namespace.
[Tue 11:25:53] <gkellogg>	dlongley: we’d rather there be a single popular system and avoid fracture. But, it’s not against the design of the system to have separate systems.
[Tue 11:26:45] <gkellogg>	manu: There are plenty of decentralized/federated identifier systems that failed because of implementation complexity.
[Tue 11:27:06] <gkellogg>	… Or, they could be implemented in non-interoperable ways.
[Tue 11:27:40] <gkellogg>	… We allow design flexibility so we can fix things down the road, but there should be “one true way” to implement things which will make it easy for organizations to deploy at a low cost.
[Tue 11:27:57] <gkellogg>	dlongley: that also allows an open implementation to be used for smaller systems.
[Tue 11:28:23] <gkellogg>	manu: If anyone can help on funding this effort, please get in touch through email.
[Tue 11:28:33] <manu>	Topic: Update from IMS Global
[Tue 11:29:10] <gkellogg>	tibbetts: we had several touch points presenting our ideas at the conference.
[Tue 11:29:36] <gkellogg>	… We had a dinner where we got together some key decision makers, and it bounced all over the place.
[Tue 11:30:06] <gkellogg>	… There’s a realization that the standard creates the plumbing that allows an ecosystem of different systems.
[Tue 11:30:26] <gkellogg>	… They’re looking at all kinds of different choices, including Oauth2, JWT, etc.
[Tue 11:30:51] <gkellogg>	… There’s a longer-term work that  addresses things a trusted pipe doesn’t help.
[Tue 11:31:10] <gkellogg>	… It’s important for this group to realize that this is a longer-term project, and not a short-term project.
[Tue 11:31:45] <gkellogg>	… I think the IMS is not likelyl to move quickley enough for our needs.
[Tue 11:31:52] <manu>	q+ to mention that "talks are ongoing" w/ IMS Global is a good message to take to W3C.
[Tue 11:31:52] <voip-cr>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:32:15] <gkellogg>	eric: I did a a machine-to-machine demonstration of a credential using the standard.
[Tue 11:32:43] <gkellogg>	… Presentation focused on work we’re doing here. IMS has also endorced the Open Badge Alliance.
[Tue 11:33:20] <gkellogg>	… As we start to see our work converge with IMS, there’s a great opportunity. As John pointed out, there’s an even greater opportunity for machine-to-machine authorization.
[Tue 11:33:58] <gkellogg>	tibbetts: I heard positive feedback. The seeds have been planted, but we’re going to have to keep showing up.
[Tue 11:34:06] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:34:07] <voip-cr>	manu has the floor (to mention that "talks are ongoing" w/ IMS Global is a good message to take to W3C.).
[Tue 11:34:33] <gkellogg>	manu: telling W3C membership and management that we’re actively engaged with IMS Global is a positive message.
[Tue 11:35:46] <gkellogg>	eric: there are also issues at IMS regarding authentication and identity. This is a sticky point for us, but it presents and opportunity.
[Tue 11:36:17] <gkellogg>	… They keep coming back to identity being a big problem. They compare this with Shibolith.
[Tue 11:36:30] <gkellogg>	… OAuth/OpenID is overkill for what they want to do.
[Tue 11:36:58] <gkellogg>	manu: for machine-machine, the HTTP Signatures stuff comes to mind.
[Tue 11:37:32] <gkellogg>	eric: they need to be educated about this. We need to offer to help with this.
[Tue 11:38:02] <gkellogg>	tibbetts: we did bring the HTTP Signatures stuff up, and the one objection is that “we can’t go with something that noone uses in production”
[Tue 11:38:13] <gkellogg>	manu: several organizations have been using it, as I pointed out.
[Tue 11:38:32] <manu>	Topic: Capabilities Wrap-up
[Tue 11:39:29] <gkellogg>	manu: we’ve been going through this for the last couple of weeks. We’ve shared upcoming blog posts with some people, and one of the founders of the Microsoft Infocard stuff, and the OpenID have reviewed and said they agree about much of what’s in the posts.
[Tue 11:40:44] <gkellogg>	Brendan: I’ve been focusing on the message, and have folded together some things.
[Tue 11:41:21] <gkellogg>	… For example, centraized vocabularies. It’s open enough to let the market decide.
[Tue 11:41:47] <gkellogg>	… The converstaion with dlongley was about revocation of certificates. We talk about the provider hosting in some contexts, and in others the issuer.
[Tue 11:42:16] <gkellogg>	… We narrowed this down to the provider hosting the certificates, but the issuer maintaining a reference to see if it’s revoked.
[Tue 11:42:31] <blame>	https://gist.github.com/BrendanBenshoof/3b955f1a96d7cb75b93c
[Tue 11:42:36] <gkellogg>	… I’m working on a draft to discuss this ^^^
[Tue 11:43:08] *	Richard (9051550a@gateway/web/freenode/ip.144.81.85.10) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:43:09] <gkellogg>	… The next step is to start writing a lot more about it.
[Tue 11:43:31] *	manu http://manu.sporny.org/2015/credentials-retrospective/#goals
[Tue 11:43:32] *	Richard is now known as Guest6747
[Tue 11:43:47] <gkellogg>	manu: link to credentials retrospective.
[Tue 11:44:24] <gkellogg>	… The criticisms from OpenID Connect and Infocard are that they’re not sure this is the right way to go. We can tell you about our experience.
[Tue 11:44:57] <gkellogg>	… We talk about an extensible data model. They think this is overrated; Infocard was very extensible, but noone extended it. This lead to implementation complexities.
[Tue 11:45:27] <gkellogg>	… In OpenID Connect we found a way to do this in a clean way, and we think that was the right way to do it. We’re not claiming that we succeeded.
[Tue 11:45:56] <gkellogg>	… If you give them 3 options, you can guaranteed 3 non-interoperable implementations. Otherwise, it’s a failure to standardize.
[Tue 11:46:25] <gkellogg>	… For choice of storage, they ended up with a bunch of federations that spoke to each other, but didn’t find at generice ID.
[Tue 11:46:53] <gkellogg>	… It’s not designed to be as generic and interoperable as what we’re doing. There’s a question of bias, because of self-selecting the audience.
[Tue 11:47:43] <gkellogg>	… I believe we heard in this group that we want generic providers and consumers, but this is at odds with the OpenID Connect experience. There are definite providers and consumers.
[Tue 11:48:05] *	elf-pavlik has quit (Quit: Leaving)
[Tue 11:48:09] <gkellogg>	… They like the privacy-enhanced bits. Portability isn’t important for them; once people select, they don’t move.
[Tue 11:48:37] <gkellogg>	… They were very complimentary, and wanted to participate in the work.
[Tue 11:50:06] <voip-cr>	Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000009] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:50:07] <voip-cr>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000000a] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:50:07] <voip-cr>	Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.64-0000000c] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:50:08] <voip-cr>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-0000000b] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:50:08] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-00000012] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:50:10] <voip-cr>	John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000006] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:50:11] <voip-cr>	Sunny Lee [SIP/45.48.18.78-00000010] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:50:23] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.110-00000008] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:50:27] <voip-cr>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000016] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:48:37] <gkellogg>	Present+ taaz, rob, tibbetts, 
