[2019-12-03T17:00:29.110Z]	<Justin_R>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:00:37.323Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:00:38.148Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:00:41.005Z]	<ChristopherA>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Dec/0001.html
[2019-12-03T17:02:36.146Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Dec/0001.html
[2019-12-03T17:03:35.807Z]	<manu>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:03:41.507Z]	<yancy>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:03:42.148Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:03:51.174Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/join
[2019-12-03T17:03:57.857Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:04:02.522Z]	<chriswinc>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:04:04.651Z]	<ahripak>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:04:13.747Z]	<sumita>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:04:19.363Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/meetings/
[2019-12-03T17:04:50.162Z]	<burn>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:04:58.023Z]	<smagennis>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:05:33.394Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:05:48.225Z]	<agropper>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:06:18.263Z]	<joel>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:08:03.558Z]	<ChristopherA>	scribe: agropper
[2019-12-03T17:08:20.163Z]	<agropper>	Topic: Introductions and Reintroductions
[2019-12-03T17:08:56.094Z]	<AnthonyRonning>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:09:02.192Z]	<agropper>	Christopher: Markus for reintroduction
[2019-12-03T17:09:37.550Z]	<agropper>	markus_sabadello: Danube Tech, working on DID since the first, co-editor on the DID spec
[2019-12-03T17:09:41.666Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Announcements and Reminders
[2019-12-03T17:09:41.684Z]	<ChristopherA>	   https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2019-12-03T17:10:35.463Z]	<agropper>	Christopher: Announcements and reminders... not needing xmas eve or NE eve, so we have a break at the end of December.
[2019-12-03T17:10:49.644Z]	<agropper>	... regular DID-resolution calls on Thursdays
[2019-12-03T17:11:17.645Z]	<agropper>	markus_sabadello: will have a call this week - not decided for rest of year
[2019-12-03T17:11:34.303Z]	<markus_sabadello>	Info about DID Resolution calls: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qYBaXQMUoB86Alquu7WBtWOxsS8SMhp1fioYKEGCabE/
[2019-12-03T17:11:39.225Z]	<agropper>	ChristopherA: Asking for progress on active work items
[2019-12-03T17:11:46.578Z]	<jonathan_holt>	present+ jonathan_holt
[2019-12-03T17:12:00.628Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:12:25.383Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-12-03T17:12:26.825Z]	<agropper>	... hold the date of March 16-20 for next RwOT in Buenos Aires. Formal announcement later this week.
[2019-12-03T17:12:26.939Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:12:40.666Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Action Items
[2019-12-03T17:12:40.774Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2019-12-03T17:13:13.138Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/87
[2019-12-03T17:13:24.666Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:13:44.476Z]	<agropper>	... Progress on action items? Review 4 items to thalk about. Need instruction on SIP - Issue #87 - need volunteer help define the procedures for SIP calls
[2019-12-03T17:14:04.824Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:14:19.548Z]	<rhiaro>	ChristopherA: I can write up onsip in the browser
[2019-12-03T17:14:24.259Z]	<agropper>	... If you have problems besides Mac and iPhone also add as requirement in this issue. Call for volunteer!
[2019-12-03T17:15:00.212Z]	<agropper>	... Amy volunteers. Could have another person as well.
[2019-12-03T17:15:52.433Z]	<agropper>	... back to the active... Action Manu and Dan on renaming the repo
[2019-12-03T17:16:26.844Z]	<agropper>	Manu: The AI as is does not make sense. Maybe we need a repo. Manu will create one right now.
[2019-12-03T17:16:39.088Z]	<bshambaugh>	Linphone never seems to work for me. It did years ago. :(
[2019-12-03T17:16:56.115Z]	<agropper>	ChristopherA: Review WebKMS - 2 proposed work items DIDkey and WebKMS
[2019-12-03T17:16:58.836Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/99
[2019-12-03T17:17:29.005Z]	<agropper>	... please get your comment on these as official work items and we will be scheduling a call on WebKMS
[2019-12-03T17:17:43.636Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-12-03T17:17:46.408Z]	<agropper>	... any action items other people want to clear or add???
[2019-12-03T17:18:17.828Z]	<manu>	I just created https://github.com/w3c-ccg/vcwg-maintenance -- for VCWG Maintenance issues.
[2019-12-03T17:18:20.668Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/98
[2019-12-03T17:18:30.745Z]	<agropper>	... tahke a look at community repo to track. Going to primary discussion: Proposal to add DID-key as work item
[2019-12-03T17:19:22.210Z]	<agropper>	... meets the criteria and interest from other organization but need another organization as leader joining the other proposers on this
[2019-12-03T17:19:22.666Z]	<kimhd> Topic: did:key method
[2019-12-03T17:19:22.808Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://digitalbazaar.github.io/did-method-key/
[2019-12-03T17:19:41.983Z]	<agropper>	... method text at - Manu take over?
[2019-12-03T17:20:00.484Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/98
[2019-12-03T17:20:08.753Z]	<manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Nov/0085.html
[2019-12-03T17:20:51.346Z]	<agropper>	Manu: DID-key request raised in Issue #98, then email, attemot to create the simplest DID method possible, just by having the DID expand to a DID doc without going out to a chain
[2019-12-03T17:21:43.818Z]	<agropper>	... useful for short term interactions that require use of crypto such as a pairwise relationship that is temporary and then bootstraps into a communication and signatures
[2019-12-03T17:22:26.384Z]	<manu>	https://digitalbazaar.github.io/did-method-key/
[2019-12-03T17:22:32.132Z]	<agropper>	... super simple: only operations supported are Create and Read - don't use if Update needed - se a ledger-based mechanism if you need those
[2019-12-03T17:23:08.418Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-12-03T17:23:16.190Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-12-03T17:23:19.254Z]	<agropper>	... Need another editor for an official work item in order to proceed but easy because it's nearly done
[2019-12-03T17:24:47.788Z]	<agropper>	markus_sabadello: Original keys discussion included U and D and reached reduced consensus. It's a great method with these as optional.
[2019-12-03T17:24:53.799Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-12-03T17:25:00.648Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-12-03T17:25:05.749Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+ how do you resolve the DID document?
[2019-12-03T17:25:35.958Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2019-12-03T17:25:38.852Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-12-03T17:26:12.605Z]	<manu>	q+ to note why it's broad, you include DID Document signed by DID key - must be sent together... did:peer.
[2019-12-03T17:26:28.078Z]	<agropper>	ChristopherA: Confused on things like a DID document based on expanding the key and giving it all authority. Are there any ways to constrian. As a cryptographer this is really broad. Would prefer a DID doc signed by that key. A little confused.
[2019-12-03T17:26:33.932Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack jonathan_holt
[2019-12-03T17:26:49.738Z]	<agropper>	jonathan_holt: How do you create?
[2019-12-03T17:26:52.164Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-12-03T17:27:27.164Z]	<kimhd>	q+ to ask about did:nacl and different key representations (follow up from mailing list questions)
[2019-12-03T17:27:32.715Z]	<ChristopherA>	(I note that BTCR also expands an implicit DID solely from the DID value)
[2019-12-03T17:27:53.528Z]	<agropper>	Manu: Algorithm in the spec. DID key is an encoding of the public key itself. Say, 32 bytes and expand them into a DID document. No resoution is needed.
[2019-12-03T17:27:56.734Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-12-03T17:28:08.308Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ to ask about relationship to other simple DIDs like did:peer, did:git, etc.
[2019-12-03T17:28:09.254Z]	<jonathan_holt>	I see, in-line with prefix of multicodec and multibase
[2019-12-03T17:29:21.451Z]	<markus_sabadello>	Some older discussion about making Update and Deactivate optional for DIDs: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/55
[2019-12-03T17:29:58.636Z]	<agropper>	... to Christoper's - yes we do expand to full authority including VC, key agreements, one key to rule them all. We did consider doing a signature or more and decided to use DID peer for those kind of things. Discussed overlap with DID-peer and that isprobably better - for the more complex cases
[2019-12-03T17:30:33.531Z]	<ChristopherA>	I suggest use once!
[2019-12-03T17:30:44.905Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack kimhd
[2019-12-03T17:30:49.409Z]	<agropper>	... Be careful not to use DID-key. There are ways to convert DID-key to DID-peer. Ack that crypto would be concern.
[2019-12-03T17:31:01.757Z]	<kimhd>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Nov/0089.html
[2019-12-03T17:31:02.313Z]	<manu>	q+ to explain did:nacl and different key representations.
[2019-12-03T17:31:38.286Z]	<manu>	q+ to +1 to oliver as co-editor.
[2019-12-03T17:31:52.064Z]	<agropper>	kimhd: Asking some f/u questions from the mailing list. Orie asking about multiple key representations. Oliver Terbu asking about editorship?
[2019-12-03T17:31:52.194Z]	<burn>	PLEASE MUTE, EVERYONE
[2019-12-03T17:31:54.186Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack markus_sabadell
[2019-12-03T17:32:41.404Z]	<dlongley>	+1 it's still a resolver, but no network required
[2019-12-03T17:32:51.526Z]	<dlongley>	no network or storage required.
[2019-12-03T17:32:51.738Z]	<manu>	Yes, Markus is right, there is a resolution process.... I should've said no remote network required.
[2019-12-03T17:32:58.523Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-12-03T17:33:06.017Z]	<agropper>	markus_sabadello: Comment on terminology - resolver is still required for expansion but it is very simple - There should be no assumption that any storage or remote network is involved. Trivial resolution
[2019-12-03T17:33:18.533Z]	<manu>	q+ to note differences with did:git
[2019-12-03T17:33:48.154Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-12-03T17:33:54.515Z]	<agropper>	ChristopherA: DID-peer addressed. IPFS-style key representations - need a process for how new key types are added.
[2019-12-03T17:33:59.254Z]	<markus_sabadello>	uniresolver.io has experimental support for this (but may be outdated a bit), e.g.: https://uniresolver.io/#did:key:z6Mkfriq1MqLBoPWecGoDLjguo1sB9brj6wT3qZ5BxkKpuP6
[2019-12-03T17:34:34.897Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-12-03T17:34:39.296Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-12-03T17:34:46.211Z]	<burn>	nacl == salt?
[2019-12-03T17:34:51.413Z]	<agropper>	Manu: What about DID nacl? differs only in key encoding - Oliver invited to coedit.
[2019-12-03T17:35:09.275Z]	<kimhd>	ah, I see
[2019-12-03T17:35:13.537Z]	<ChristopherA>	dan, nacl is the most used library for 25519 keys
[2019-12-03T17:35:15.307Z]	<kimhd>	thanks Manu
[2019-12-03T17:36:03.784Z]	<TallTed>	q+ to request muting by non-speakers
[2019-12-03T17:36:10.884Z]	<TallTed>	q-
[2019-12-03T17:36:18.184Z]	<dlongley>	burn: https://nacl.cr.yp.to/index.html <-- nacl/sodium/etc. refers to libraries used to implement Daniel Bernstein's ed25519/curve25519 crypto.
[2019-12-03T17:36:34.173Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ to ask how we add to multicodec?
[2019-12-03T17:36:34.799Z]	<burn>	ChristopherA, yep, just wondering about how we should pronounce the did method name :)
[2019-12-03T17:36:40.292Z]	<agropper>	... DID key spec uses MultiCodec is very compact - allows us to express the key types - MultiBase is also used - should be able to express all the popular key formats
[2019-12-03T17:36:52.237Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ to ask about non-key proofs (say a signature)
[2019-12-03T17:36:57.865Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-12-03T17:37:07.839Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-12-03T17:37:16.605Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-12-03T17:37:17.803Z]	<agropper>	... adding to MultiCodec is as simple as a PR. Manu is editor.
[2019-12-03T17:38:07.809Z]	<agropper>	... Markus is right - we still need resolution but you don'tneed to go to network. Difference from DID-git is no signature check
[2019-12-03T17:38:13.133Z]	<kimhd>	Manu you said this is done? https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/93
[2019-12-03T17:38:33.564Z]	<kimhd>	answered my own question, yes
[2019-12-03T17:38:38.017Z]	<manu>	q?
[2019-12-03T17:38:42.908Z]	<agropper>	ChristopherA: Using MultiBase and MultiCoded but theoretically could use other key verification methods.
[2019-12-03T17:38:49.387Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-12-03T17:39:00.156Z]	<dlongley>	did:simple ? :)
[2019-12-03T17:39:42.758Z]	<kimhd>	fyi, VCWG maintenance repo is here: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/vcwg-maintenance. Thanks for creating it Manu
[2019-12-03T17:39:43.156Z]	<agropper>	Manu: We're flexible on other types like a post-quantum could be expressed with DID-key. Could be added without changing the spec.
[2019-12-03T17:40:03.958Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+ to ask, is there a deterministic expansion algorithm?
[2019-12-03T17:40:41.430Z]	<agropper>	ChristopherA: I'm enamoured of D Longley's DID simple. At a higher level, is there a risk that too many people use it improperly. Warn never to reuse this DID.
[2019-12-03T17:40:45.844Z]	<dlongley>	did:tmp
[2019-12-03T17:40:47.524Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-12-03T17:40:49.586Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-12-03T17:40:53.704Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack jonathan_holt
[2019-12-03T17:41:11.657Z]	<manu>	q+ to agree that it will almost certainly be misused. Determisitic expansion.
[2019-12-03T17:41:43.492Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-12-03T17:41:47.486Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-12-03T17:41:49.411Z]	<agropper>	jonathan_holt: TO Markus's point, still a resolution. I get different results from different parsers. I do like MultiBase and MultiCoded.
[2019-12-03T17:41:55.858Z]	<manu>	https://digitalbazaar.github.io/did-method-key/#create
[2019-12-03T17:42:15.344Z]	<dlongley>	notes that `did:key` implies there's just "one key" already
[2019-12-03T17:43:07.324Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ to ask I'd like to see HD master pubkey plus HD path as a multicodec
[2019-12-03T17:43:18.456Z]	<agropper>	Manu: Deterministic algorithm is pretty simple. Interesting expansion for ...19 key. As far as misuse, yes, people will use it for the wrong purposes like persist it.Should write about this in the security sections.
[2019-12-03T17:44:03.468Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-12-03T17:44:22.107Z]	<agropper>	... there are systems that will forbid creation of a pubic-facing DID-key - only doing it where customers are protected.
[2019-12-03T17:44:25.893Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-12-03T17:45:36.025Z]	<manu>	q+ to note that we'll start w/ 3 supported key formats and expand from there.
[2019-12-03T17:45:48.824Z]	<agropper>	ChristopherA: There's weird things -would like to see it ued with HD keys where you need to point to a specific sub-key - so anybdy can verify
[2019-12-03T17:46:28.964Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-12-03T17:46:32.054Z]	<agropper>	... worried about the name Key. That has long-term implications. Would prefer tempkey orsomething else in the root of the name
[2019-12-03T17:46:32.271Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-12-03T17:46:32.954Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-12-03T17:47:09.185Z]	<kimhd>	q+ to kick off next steps
[2019-12-03T17:47:34.418Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-12-03T17:47:35.698Z]	<agropper>	Manu: We can rename the identifier to when we pick this up as work item. Sure let's start with three specific keys and then expand to HD keys later.
[2019-12-03T17:48:16.837Z]	<agropper>	markus_sabadello: Emphasizing temporary nature, could build an expiration, but makes it more comples.
[2019-12-03T17:49:07.864Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack kimhd
[2019-12-03T17:49:59.597Z]	<agropper>	kimhd: Need another person. Mention a one-week notice?
[2019-12-03T17:50:12.664Z]	<manu>	q+ to ask David Chadwick and Oliver Terbu.
[2019-12-03T17:51:15.553Z]	<manu>	q+ to note timeline
[2019-12-03T17:51:16.524Z]	<agropper>	ChristopherA: Chairs prefer multiple parties and consensus for work items - can approve this but prefer more input - do we have an idea of when?
[2019-12-03T17:51:23.469Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-12-03T17:51:27.259Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-12-03T17:51:31.904Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-12-03T17:51:33.352Z]	<DavidC>	q+
[2019-12-03T17:52:50.207Z]	<agropper>	Manu: David C and Oliver may be co-editors. Will address the issues raised today. Timeline: hope is 6 months for v1 spec. It's had enough circulation as is.
[2019-12-03T17:52:56.693Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack DavidC
[2019-12-03T17:53:03.413Z]	<agropper>	... I'd like it to be picked up ASAP.
[2019-12-03T17:53:46.638Z]	<agropper>	DavidC: We're using keyID as subjectID. Happy to participate in editing the document.
[2019-12-03T17:54:27.087Z]	<agropper>	ChristopherA: Consensus not required for this. Chairs will confirm and let you know this week.
[2019-12-03T17:54:37.890Z]	<kimhd>	+1
[2019-12-03T17:54:46.314Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1
[2019-12-03T17:54:59.235Z]	<agropper>	JoeAndrieu: I think we can approve today.
[2019-12-03T17:55:03.970Z]	<agropper>	kimhd: Yes
[2019-12-03T17:55:11.572Z]	<manu>	Great, thanks to the group for the discussion! :)
[2019-12-03T17:55:26.052Z]	<agropper>	ChristopherA: Confirm that this is added to the Work Items list.
[2019-12-03T17:56:12.066Z]	<kimhd>	manu -- I'll kick off the next steps and ping you when everything's ready
[2019-12-03T17:56:16.655Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to ask about EDV conversation
[2019-12-03T17:56:18.378Z]	<manu>	thanks kimhd ! :)
[2019-12-03T17:56:22.891Z]	<agropper>	... not enough time for next work item. Anyone else? On longer term agenda need volunteers for CG repo on digital verification
[2019-12-03T17:57:05.289Z]	<agropper>	... chairs challenged - will propose archiving that and moving soe topics into CCG.
[2019-12-03T17:58:40.697Z]	<agropper>	... CCG needs to review charter. If interested in these process items, will show leadership in community. Can be done in one or two months and get bragging rights. Please help with these short term items.
[2019-12-03T17:58:44.292Z]	<manu>	q?
[2019-12-03T17:59:00.311Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-12-03T17:59:05.274Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-12-03T17:59:06.030Z]	<agropper>	kimhd: Next week we'll be focusing on a task force for Academic Credentials.
[2019-12-03T17:59:32.063Z]	<manu>	EDV call invite: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Nov/0142.html
[2019-12-03T17:59:38.263Z]	<agropper>	JoeAndrieu: Did we talk about the EDV call? Another one on Friday.
[2019-12-03T18:00:56.503Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-12-03T18:01:03.085Z]	<agropper>	ChristopherA: We had a call about EDV before Thanksgiving. We have some consensus. 75 people was amazing but still missing Solid or IPFS. Where will this work be hosted.
[2019-12-03T18:01:33.308Z]	<agropper>	dmitriz: There was Solid representation on the last call.
[2019-12-03T18:01:46.369Z]	<jonathan_holt>	uh, um. present+
[2019-12-03T18:01:55.807Z]	<agropper>	ChristopherA: Seek IPFS representation and please come to this Friday's call.
[2019-12-03T18:02:05.964Z]	<bshambaugh>	I find this an interesting topic.  It may be useful. Look forward to spec discussions.. I am glad I jumped in today.
[2019-12-03T18:02:19.161Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2019-12-03T18:02:29.237Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2019-12-03T18:02:32.494Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 18a
[2019-12-03T18:02:34.541Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 192
[2019-12-03T18:02:35.623Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 193
[2019-12-03T18:02:36.360Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 194
[2019-12-03T18:02:38.294Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 196
