[Tue 11:06:11] <dlongley>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016May/0034.html
[Tue 11:06:11] <dlongley>	scribe: dlongley
[Tue 11:06:11] <dlongley>	manu: I think it would be best if do a number of introductions because we have a number of new folks on the call today.
[Tue 11:06:42] <manu>	Topic: Introductions to New Participants
[Tue 11:06:41] <dlongley>	manu: If you could give a quick 2-3 sentence of who you are, the org you're with, and what you're interested in the call that would be good. Keep in mind that we want to get through this pretty quickly so we can get to Anil's intro on the DHS blockchain project.
[Tue 11:06:44] <voip-vctf>	16097341186 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000280] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:56] <voip-vctf>	DavidC [SIP/192.168.1.1-00000281] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:58] <dlongley>	vachino: I'm with Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Lab, Project Manager, U.S. Department of Homeland Security Science and Technology Directorate Identity Management & Privacy Research
[Tue 11:07:20] <dlongley>	Anil: I'm Anil John, I'm with DHS, I manage two Programs at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security Science and Technology Directorate -- The Identity Management R&D and the Data Privacy R&D Programs in the Cyber Security Division
[Tue 11:07:23] <voip-vctf>	DavidC [SIP/192.168.1.1-00000281] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:07:34] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000282] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:36] <dlongley>	Darrell: I'm with Xcelerate and one of the awardees of the DHS blockchain SBIR.
[Tue 11:07:38] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-00000283] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:42] <ShaneM>	present+ ShaneM
[Tue 11:08:10] <DavidC>	I am David Chadwick, Professor of Information Systems Security from the University of Kent
[Tue 11:08:27] <dlongley>	delorenzo: This is Bill Delorenzo and I'm with Accreditrust. We're in the business of developing platforms for creating digital credentials and processing services in various vertical segments and we're in the process of rolling a new platform, product and services in this area.
[Tue 11:08:47] <dlongley>	manu: Rob Trainer and Alex are also with Accreditrust, skipping in the interest of time.
[Tue 11:09:01] <dlongley>	manu: Myself, Dave Longley, Dave Lehn here from Digital Bazaar been doing work in this area for a while now.
[Tue 11:09:29] <dlongley>	Dan: I've done standards work on WebRTC and VoiceXML. I'm one of the current editors for the specifications in this group on Verifiable Claims Data Model. Do stuff at W3C and IETF
[Tue 11:09:37] <dlongley>	Anita: I'm a Vice President of Product Management & Strategy with Oracle in their Financial Services Global Business Unit, participating out of interest in this group.
[Tue 11:09:44] <dlongley>	Jason Weaver: I'm the Director of Digital Credential Strategy at Parchment. Parchment is an academic credential company.
[Tue 11:10:06] <voip-vctf>	18608368633 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000284] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:18] <dlongley>	Kerri: I'm the CEO/CTO at OpenWorks Group, we build smart, scalable web and mobile-ready applications for organizations and businesses focused on education and educational services. I'm also an Openbadges contributor, member, contributing to badges on blockchain.
[Tue 11:10:30] <dlongley>	Colleen: I'm with Pearson, work with Acclaim Badges team, representing Matt Stone.
[Tue 11:10:52] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000285] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:56] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: I'm Principal Architect at  Blockstream, chair of Hyperledger Identity WG, adviser of ID2020, organizer of Rebooting Web of Trust, associated with a number of standardization activities.
[Tue 11:11:01] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:11:01] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: MariaVakino [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000026a], AnilJohn [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000026d], DarrellDuane [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000026c], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.174-0000026e], BillDeL [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000026f], Rob Trainer [SIP/71.121.234.111-00000270], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000271], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000274], DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000273], AnitaBrady [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000275], jasonweaver
[Tue 11:11:01] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/sip2sip.info-00000276], 12023197435 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000277], KerriLemoie [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000279], AlexRomero [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000278], ColleenKennedy [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000027a], ChristopherAllen [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000027b], AlokBhargava [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000027d], 16097341186 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000280], Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000282], Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-00000283], 18608368633
[Tue 11:11:01] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-00000284], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000285].
[Tue 11:11:15] <manu>	voip: 280 is RichardVarn
[Tue 11:11:15] <voip-vctf>	Associated RichardVarn with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000280.
[Tue 11:11:39] <dlongley>	Richard: I'm a Distinguished Presidential Appointee at Educational Testing Service (ETS), converting high and low stakes score assessments into credentials. I've also been a CIO, legislator, and have been working on credentials for about 30 years.
[Tue 11:12:04] <dlongley>	Carla: I'm working with Connecting Credentials, working with Badge Chain, coming from open badges environment.
[Tue 11:12:22] <dlongley>	Shane: With Spec Ops, been involved with W3C for 20 years or so, Spec Ops chartered to help development of standards in this area.
[Tue 11:12:33] <erkorb_rm>	Eric Korb, CEO, Accreditrust (by chat), digital credentialing platform service provider
[Tue 11:12:39] <manu>	voip: 284 is WayneVaughn
[Tue 11:12:39] <voip-vctf>	Associated WayneVaughn with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000284.
[Tue 11:12:58] <dlongley>	Wayne: I'm the Founder & CEO at Tierion, a blockchain technology company, authored a protocol called chainpoint, related to VCTF WG goals. Participated at ID2020.
[Tue 11:13:01] *	alex_o is now known as Alex_Oberhauser
[Tue 11:13:24] <voip-vctf>	14349061171 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000286] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:13:26] <dlongley>	manu: Welcome everyone that's new. We're probably missing 6-7 people due to various conferences, so not everyone. But hopefully everyone can see that we're getting a fantastic critical mass of people from different industries.
[Tue 11:13:38] <dlongley>	Topic: Agenda Bashing
[Tue 11:13:38] <dlongley>	manu: Today we have a packed agenda.
[Tue 11:13:38] <dlongley>	manu: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016May/0034.html
[Tue 11:13:42] <dlongley>	Manu reads agenda.
[Tue 11:14:30] <dlongley>	manu: We won't get through the whole agenda today, so we'll front load the call with as many of our new guests as possible and let them say a couple of things about what they're working on and how it might relate to the work we're doing here, any updates or changes to the agenda?
[Tue 11:14:30] <dlongley>	No changes requested.
[Tue 11:14:46] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to Anil John and DHS Blockchain R&D
[Tue 11:14:47] <dlongley>	Manu: Anil, if you could give us some background on the DHS blockchain project that would be great.
[Tue 11:15:02] <dlongley>	Anil: Good morning everyone, good X for different time zones :).
[Tue 11:15:37] <voip-vctf>	18572726824 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000287] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:15:50] *	manu grins at irrational exuberance around Blockchain. :P
[Tue 11:16:14] <dlongley>	Anil: Stepping back, science advisor of homeland security, job is to look 5 years out and understand what's coming down the line. There's irrational exuberance around blockchain. Our interesting blockchain tech is quite the reverse. As PM in this area and someone who has been in the field for some time, I'm a skeptic when it comes to blockchain tech. The proposal we put out there is to get at the root of what blockchain can do.
[Tue 11:16:35] <dlongley>	Anil: If you are in the identity attributes space, there are fundamental set of principles to make it real. [lists them].
[Tue 11:16:50] <dlongley>	Anil: On the privacy side, selective disclosure, pseudoanonymity, etc.
[Tue 11:17:00] <voip-vctf>	19176926999 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000288] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:17:08] <dlongley>	Anil: Proposal is to find out how or if blockchain tech can implement those principles and if it makes sense to do so.
[Tue 11:17:27] <dlongley>	Anil: As part of it, we've awarded to four companies, Digital Bazaar, Respect Network, Xcelerate, and Narf Technologies.
[Tue 11:18:26] <dlongley>	Anil: Need to find out if the tech can be built out. If it's true, there are a set of things that become open. DHS is an authoritative source for a variety of claims and attributes, eligibility to work, first responder attributes, so on. Shared responsibility with DHS and FEMA, local as well.
[Tue 11:18:42] <dlongley>	Anil: There are use cases there but not going there or recommending to customers without having foundation proved or disproven.
[Tue 11:18:55] <dlongley>	Anil: Companies working on this will give us an answer or tell us to go somewhere else to spend our time on.
[Tue 11:19:12] <dlongley>	Anil: That is DHS' interest in the technology and why we're funding the projects.
[Tue 11:19:24] <dlongley>	manu: For those new to the call you can type: "q+" to get on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:19:30] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:19:30] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:19:32] <dlongley>	q-
[Tue 11:19:32] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 11:19:37] <manu>	q+
[Tue 11:19:37] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:19:48] <dlongley>	manu: Please add yourself if you have any questions.
[Tue 11:20:12] <dlongley>	manu: If you don't want to speak or can't, you can type into the chat channel.
[Tue 11:20:42] <dlongley>	manu: Everyone in this group is trying to figure out what the architecture for a self-sovereign/user centric identity system would be like. We're also trying to translate that into specs to take through W3C process.
[Tue 11:20:56] <dlongley>	manu: Could you give us your thoughts on that ... are you looking for products or standards or a hybrid?
[Tue 11:20:58] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:20:58] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor.
[Tue 11:22:11] <dlongley>	Anil: I don't have a clear answer. This is a conversation that I know people in self-sovereign identity people have heard this speech from me before. My concern in general is that there's a drive ... everyone agrees that there is value in individuals controlling their data and their ability to assert whatever you define as identity. My comment to that has always been "great", but in general the adoption or lack thereof in this space has always been driven by imbalance in power of asserters of info and consumers of info.
[Tue 11:22:39] <dlongley>	Anil: Consumers have a lot of power in accepting or rejecting that. If you want those people to accept your self-sovereign identity or any other type of identity, it needs to be vouched for and trusted ... by someone the relying party trusts.
[Tue 11:23:17] <dlongley>	Anil: I haven't seen an effort to address that particular point, more like an effort to create an identity production thing. Large scale lives or dies on that. The authoritative nature of the claims and how you prove that authoritative nature is critical to address.
[Tue 11:23:24] <dlongley>	manu: Great, thank you, Anil.
[Tue 11:23:44] <dlongley>	Arie: I have a comment on self-sovereign identity control points just made.
[Tue 11:24:24] <dlongley>	Arie: With regards to self-sovereign identity, fine and good for we the people ... I'm sure that there are regulatory and governmental reasons for not relinquishing control over identities to people themselves might be an issue, but isn't that solved somehow with an elegant layer of permissioning depending on the circumstance?
[Tue 11:25:04] <dlongley>	Anil: Yes, and I think I agree with you. At a higher level, it's irrelevant to someone who is trusting an assertion ... maybe too strong of a word, doesn't matter where it's from but more that someone is standing behind it and that they can trust that entity.
[Tue 11:25:17] <dlongley>	Anil: That needs to be addressed by whatever mechanism you put into place. That seems to be lost in the noise.
[Tue 11:26:05] <dlongley>	manu: I think part of the issue that we've always had in this group is terminology, but we've heard enough of it to understand that what Anil is saying is something we hold to be true in this group. The consumers of the credentials need to be able to trust the issuers and it needs to be dynamic some consumers will trust one set others a different set.
[Tue 11:26:27] <dlongley>	manu: Self-sovereign can be part of the solution... I see this as a good sign, we're gaining momentum.
[Tue 11:26:51] <erkorb_rm>	+1
[Tue 11:26:53] <dlongley>	Anil: I slightly disagree, the person that issues the claims might be disparate from the person who is vouching for them on behalf of the person.
[Tue 11:27:09] <DavidC>	Plastic cards provide a good model of how they work in practice today
[Tue 11:27:11] <dlongley>	Anil: It is irrelevant to me who is the issuer, an org, an individual, what is important to me is who is standing behind it.
[Tue 11:27:21] <dlongley>	Anil: It doesn't need to be the same identity.
[Tue 11:27:29] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, absolutely, I think there's a lot of alignment on that.
[Tue 11:27:45] <dlongley>	anil: yes, digital signatures also give you this -- it doesn't matter who is presenting a credential, it matters who makes the claim (who is standing behind it)
[Tue 11:28:02] <dlongley>	manu: There's also some discussion in the IRC channel.
[Tue 11:28:19] <voip-vctf>	15714328133 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000289] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:28:29] <dlongley>	Alok: I just have one clarification that I'm looking for, the point that Anil just made, I don't think that's related to technology.
[Tue 11:28:39] <dlongley>	manu: No, I think it's somewhat related, but is technology agnostic.
[Tue 11:28:57] <dlongley>	Alok: I think whether we support the notion that he brought up, what tech to use is a separate question.
[Tue 11:29:08] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, and that's part of the technical work we've been doing and will continue doing.
[Tue 11:29:17] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:29:17] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: MariaVakino [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000026a], AnilJohn [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000026d], DarrellDuane [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000026c], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.174-0000026e], BillDeL [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000026f], Rob Trainer [SIP/71.121.234.111-00000270], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000271], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000274], DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000273], AnitaBrady [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000275], jasonweaver
[Tue 11:29:17] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/sip2sip.info-00000276], 12023197435 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000277], KerriLemoie [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000279], AlexRomero [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000278], ColleenKennedy [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000027a], ChristopherAllen [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000027b], AlokBhargava [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000027d], RichardVarn [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000280], Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000282], Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-00000283], WayneVaughn
[Tue 11:29:17] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-00000284], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000285], 14349061171 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000286], 18572726824 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000287], 19176926999 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000288], 15714328133 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000289].
[Tue 11:29:44] *	bsletten (~bsletten@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:29:44] <dlongley>	q+ to point out difference in tech we're building here
[Tue 11:29:44] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:29:48] <manu>	voip: 286 is JenBehrenn
[Tue 11:29:48] <voip-vctf>	Associated JenBehrenn with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000286.
[Tue 11:32:23] <manu>	dlongley: Because we were talking about how technology may or may not have to do w/ separating who is making an assertion and who is making it. The technology that we're working on here is very different from service-centric. Instead, we have decoupled those who make the assertion from those who verify the assertion.
[Tue 11:29:54] <manu>	Topic: Other Introductions
[Tue 11:29:54] <manu>	alexo: Hi Alex Oberhauser, I'm the CTO of Cambridge Blockchain.
[Tue 11:30:12] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000276] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:30:36] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000028a] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:30:52] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000028b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:30:53] <manu>	voip: 288 is Arie
[Tue 11:30:53] <voip-vctf>	Associated Arie with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000288.
[Tue 11:31:03] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000028a] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:31:19] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000028b] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:31:19] <manu>	voip: 287 is AlexOberhauser
[Tue 11:31:19] <voip-vctf>	Associated AlexOberhauser with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000287.
[Tue 11:31:23] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:31:23] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: MariaVakino [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000026a], AnilJohn [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000026d], DarrellDuane [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000026c], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.174-0000026e], BillDeL [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000026f], Rob Trainer [SIP/71.121.234.111-00000270], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000271], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000274], DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000273], AnitaBrady [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000275], 12023197435
[Tue 11:31:23] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-00000277], KerriLemoie [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000279], AlexRomero [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000278], ColleenKennedy [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000027a], ChristopherAllen [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000027b], AlokBhargava [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000027d], RichardVarn [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000280], Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000282], Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-00000283], WayneVaughn [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000284], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000285],
[Tue 11:31:23] <voip-vctf>	JenBehrenn [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000286], AlexOberhauser [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000287], Arie [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000288], 15714328133 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000289].
[Tue 11:31:40] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000028c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:31:45] <manu>	ack dlongley
[Tue 11:31:45] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor (to point out difference in tech we're building here).
[Tue 11:32:41] <dlongley>	jenb: Hi, I specializes in privacy and policy analysis, governance, data analytics, information technology, and identity management solutions. My main focus is on privacy compliance and the implementation of trust framework governance structures for pilot programs as awarded by the National Strategies for Trusted Identities in Cyberspace (NSTIC).
[Tue 11:32:43] <manu>	Topic: United Nations ID2020 Summit Recap
[Tue 11:32:48] <manu>	https://twitter.com/ChristopherA/status/733671106612199426
[Tue 11:32:58] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: I just put a twitter status into IRC that you can go to see my slides.
[Tue 11:33:28] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: It was at the UN. It's a big deal, we had ambassadors and policy makers, etc. there. Goal to bring the legal, gov't side of things (legal code) to the technologies who have software code.
[Tue 11:34:31] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: Goal is leaving no one behind, provide legal identity for all, a UN mission, to do by 2030. 16.9 million or 19.6 (I forget exact number), leave no one behind, want partnerships with technologists and they want innovation. Call to action. We want to do a lot of education, interesting blockchain opportunities, need policy commitments, balancing short term and long term needs.
[Tue 11:35:17] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: Slide 3, what can get in the way? There are risks, but we need to protect communities, not create new problems, we don't want to become ... "digital colonialists" into these worlds. We need to figure out the appropriate role of gov't and lots of individual challenges around adoption.
[Tue 11:35:34] <manu>	q+ to mention tie in to how moving the event was and "people on the ground"
[Tue 11:35:34] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:35:47] <manu>	q-
[Tue 11:35:47] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 11:35:49] *	erkorb_rm has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:35:50] <manu>	q+ anil
[Tue 11:35:50] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: anil
[Tue 11:35:53] <manu>	q+ to mention tie in to how moving the event was and "people on the ground"
[Tue 11:35:54] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: anil, manu
[Tue 11:36:15] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: Next slide about specific problems with identity, carrier problems, people who don't have voice, tilted toward first world, lots of issues in the financial sector, want to give access but also protect people. Information rights and records to be careful. Next slide is the reality. 10 million stateless people in the world and 1.5 billion without citizenship. How do we handle refugees and voters. Need a unified vision.
[Tue 11:36:27] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: Be careful with regard that identity could be weaponized.
[Tue 11:36:37] <manu>	Christopher talking through https://twitter.com/ChristopherA/status/733671106612199426
[Tue 11:37:20] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: We talked about best practices and what the role of biometrics is. Talked about what tech can do to make this a reality, want individual freedom. I was quite pleased to hear an ambassador use the term self-sovereign identity. We need to be flexible.
[Tue 11:38:06] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: I think that's a good summary, the event was very much a high level overview, there were opportunities for meeting and networking but not for creating specific initiatives or documents, proclamations or things of that nature. The want to do another one a year from now. I used this to lead into Rebooting Web of Trust.
[Tue 11:39:02] <ChristopherA>	Self-Sovereign Identity as a concept was well received http://www.lifewithalacrity.com/2016/04/the-path-to-self-soverereign-identity.html
[Tue 11:39:17] *	jasonweaver_ (~jasonweaver@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:39:18] <dlongley>	manu: Thanks, Christopher. Before we go on, event was deeply moving. Was about people who are most vulnerable on this planet and how identity and identifiers could be something that could help. Tying the work that we're doing ehre to people in refugee camps that could use these techs to make their lives better was one deeply important and moving. And two we were able to make contact with a number of people that are on the ground in these refugee camps and people that are trying to prevent human trafficking and view identity as a way of reducing it.
[Tue 11:39:43] <bsletten>	q+
[Tue 11:39:43] <voip-vctf>	bsletten has been added to the queue: anil, manu, bsletten
[Tue 11:40:11] <dlongley>	manu: We have access to a number of people that are doing that and before we didn't. Now in Web Payments and in Credentials work there are a number of people who want to help people in vulnerable positions and but now we've made contact with peopel on the ground and hopefully we can tighten up the feedback loop to build something to help people in these positions.
[Tue 11:40:25] <dlongley>	manu: Anil did you have comments on the event?
[Tue 11:40:29] <manu>	ack anil
[Tue 11:40:29] <voip-vctf>	anil has the floor.
[Tue 11:40:31] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:40:31] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to mention tie in to how moving the event was and "people on the ground").
[Tue 11:40:50] <dlongley>	Anil: It was a good event, it was remarkable in that there were three different communities there, policy makers, technologists (very heavy on blockchain front), and people with deep pockets.
[Tue 11:41:25] <dlongley>	Anil: I look forward to seeing how the problem that supposedly brought them all together will motivate them toward a common goal. I was heart broken by the challenge and the issue but I wasn't overly enthusiastic over what came out of it other than as a networking event.
[Tue 11:41:26] <manu>	ack bsletten 
[Tue 11:41:26] <voip-vctf>	bsletten has the floor.
[Tue 11:41:26] <ChristopherA>	+1 anil
[Tue 11:41:32] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:41:32] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: MariaVakino [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000026a], AnilJohn [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000026d], DarrellDuane [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000026c], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.174-0000026e], BillDeL [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000026f], Rob Trainer [SIP/71.121.234.111-00000270], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000271], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000274], DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000273], AnitaBrady [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000275], 12023197435
[Tue 11:41:32] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-00000277], KerriLemoie [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000279], AlexRomero [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000278], ColleenKennedy [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000027a], ChristopherAllen [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000027b], AlokBhargava [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000027d], RichardVarn [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000280], Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000282], Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-00000283], WayneVaughn [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000284], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000285],
[Tue 11:41:32] <voip-vctf>	JenBehrenn [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000286], AlexOberhauser [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000287], Arie [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000288], 15714328133 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000289], jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000028c].
[Tue 11:41:40] <dlongley>	bsletten: I was just curious if the negative side of identity side came up as a concern.
[Tue 11:41:55] *	AlexRomero has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:42:02] <ChristopherA>	That was a big part of what my goal at ID2020 was to make sure those issues were brought up.
[Tue 11:42:06] *	AlexR (~AlexR@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:42:21] <ChristopherA>	q=
[Tue 11:42:24] <ChristopherA>	Q+
[Tue 11:42:26] <dlongley>	manu: Absolutely, it also became a big part of the discussion at Rebooting Web conference. A number of people who work at refugee camps w/Syrians have said that many Syrians dont' want to be identified because exposing their identity would allow people back home to be harmed.
[Tue 11:42:38] <dlongley>	manu: It could create a terrible event. So there was focus on tracking and the dangers that come with that.
[Tue 11:42:41] <manu>	q?
[Tue 11:42:42] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:43:13] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: Something that fed into the next day, there has to be some better understanding on the ground. There are some warm places to sleep but it requires a handprint to enter and people would rather sleep in the mud and cold because of a general fear of the identity tech.
[Tue 11:43:22] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: We need to understand these types of things at all levels.
[Tue 11:43:31] <dlongley>	manu: Absolutely, any questions, concerns before next topic?
[Tue 11:43:32] <dlongley>	none
[Tue 11:43:40] <manu>	Topic: Rebooting Web of Trust Design Workshop Recap
[Tue 11:43:44] <ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/ID2020DesignWorkshop/
[Tue 11:43:49] <dlongley>	manu: There was an event directly after ID2020.
[Tue 11:43:51] *	jasonweaver has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:44:02] <dlongley>	manu: Christopher has been putting these together.
[Tue 11:44:30] <voip-vctf>	15713039795 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000028d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:44:45] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: We had some documents to capture, photos, whitewalls, etc. The goal of a design workshop is to have a facilitated discussion and create output that can be iterated upon by the community. Goal was to have five whitepapers out of the conference and other benefits of bring people and ideas together.
[Tue 11:44:53] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: At the link in IRC there are advanced readings.
[Tue 11:44:59] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: There to give people context and focus.
[Tue 11:46:25] *	ShaneM notes 14 minutes
[Tue 11:46:32] *	manu notes the time.
[Tue 11:46:59] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: We did a report about the results from our last conference to make sure people are on the same page. Then went through an exercise to imagine 2021 and to look at the differences and the language issues and places where people disagreed and such. By middle of first day driving into topics and Manu and Wayne had already addressed things like differences with proof of publication and so forth, other projects brought up. In the end we'll have 8-9 whitepapers/specifications come out of this design shop over the next couple of weeks as people have a chance to massage the info. I'd like to have people from the design shop say what it was like from their side but I'm very positive about it and the results. Architecture for self-sovereign ID, decentralized identifiers, identity correlation info, lots of great stuff.
[Tue 11:47:02] *	carla_casilli (~47a5b789@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:47:09] <dlongley>	manu: Wayne, any thoughts on the workshop?
[Tue 11:47:43] <manu>	q+
[Tue 11:47:43] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:47:46] <manu>	q-
[Tue 11:47:46] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 11:48:00] <dlongley>	Wayne: Great workshop, 40-50 people there, tech founders, lead engineers, from NYC area. I had brought chainpoint protocol info ... lets you provide a verifiable proof of publication. Very much related to the proof of publication work Manu is doing.
[Tue 11:48:12] <ChristopherA>	q+ right before switch to next agenda item
[Tue 11:48:12] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:48:20] <manu>	q+ to note other items that came out of it - architecture, use cases, DIDs, groups.
[Tue 11:48:21] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, manu
[Tue 11:48:38] <dlongley>	Wayne: We had taken a previous version of chainpoint and done it in JSON-LD and it turns out that it was very much like Manu's ... done indepdnently, very close, very interesting. After working together it is clear we're all working on the same path and a clear path forward.
[Tue 11:48:49] <dlongley>	Wayne: For something we can propose to standardize.
[Tue 11:49:06] <ChristopherA>	Focus was to capture and ship ideas, not just talk.
[Tue 11:50:04] <dlongley>	manu: Thank you, that's just one example of like 30 similar experiences there. One example is a breakout group got the VCTF architecture and worked on it themselves and there was huge overlap with what we've done ... lots of deep technical expertise from each blockchain company talking about to have decentralized identifiers and proof of publication, associating creds with blockchains ,etc.
[Tue 11:50:18] <KerriLemoie>	+1 decentralized identifiers and sharing amongst chains
[Tue 11:50:34] <dlongley>	manu: I cannot underscore how deeply technical the people in the room were and I'd say that they may even have more experience in implementing things than this group which is saying something because we have heavy hitters in this group.
[Tue 11:50:50] *	AlexR has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:50:52] <dlongley>	manu: People looked at the VCTF architecture and didn't throw it out, instead iterated on it and we're going to have those folks come to this group and present.
[Tue 11:51:14] <dlongley>	manu: One of those folks is a person that worked on the email standard and he also worked on the domain system standard we depend on.
[Tue 11:51:40] <dlongley>	manu: So we've also got Christopher Allen who worked on TLS as well, so very heavy hitters in this space.
[Tue 11:51:45] <ChristopherA>	(the review of vc use cases was really transformative of them)
[Tue 11:52:00] <manu>	q?
[Tue 11:52:00] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA, manu
[Tue 11:52:01] <dlongley>	manu: We got a bunch of really good comments on the architecture and we'll be getting those into the group, comments on the use cases, etc.
[Tue 11:52:02] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 11:52:02] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor (right before switch to next agenda item).
[Tue 11:52:03] <manu>	ack manu 
[Tue 11:52:03] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note other items that came out of it - architecture, use cases, DIDs, groups.).
[Tue 11:52:29] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/2016/04/blockchain-workshop/
[Tue 11:52:44] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: I just wanted to close to say that there's going to be a W3C blockchain meet up at the end of June and we're hoping to revise more items at that conf and it appears so far from the survey that the last week of Sept will be when we have another Rebooting Web of Trust in SF, Microsoft will host.
[Tue 11:52:56] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: So people can keep in their heads if they will be joining and participating.
[Tue 11:53:10] <dlongley>	manu: Awesome and I dropped the link to the W3C blockchain workshop in IRC.
[Tue 11:53:13] <ChristopherA>	www.weboftrust.info
[Tue 11:53:32] <dlongley>	manu: Any questions Rebooting Web of Trust Workshop or work that happened there and it's relation to what we're doing here?
[Tue 11:53:38] <ChristopherA>	Vermont bill H.868, passed by house and senate, expected to be signed by the Governor Peter Shumlin any day now, has around page 307 a section § 1913 titled "Blockchain Enabling" http://legislature.vermont.gov/assets/Documents/2016/Docs/BILLS/H-0868/H-0868%20As%20Passed%20by%20Both%20House%20and%20Senate%20Official.pdf  KEYQUOTES:  * As used in this section, “blockchain technology” means a mathematically secured, chronological, and decentra[CUT]
[Tue 11:53:38] <dlongley>	none
[Tue 11:53:46] <manu>	Topic: Recent Vermont Legal Finding
[Tue 11:55:15] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: In the house and senate in Vermont, they passed bill H.868 with section "blockchain enabling" ... which is says any mathematically secured ledger [more specific legal text]... but that allows for both bitcoin like blockchains and other types. They are saying that an electronic record in a blockchain shall be considered self-authenticating which comes from previous digital signature legislation which means you can use it for business activity. The date and time of a record in the blockchain can be considered fact, you can know who the person is that recorded that record.
[Tue 11:56:18] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: There are some caveats here, the bill doesn't say the validity about the truthfulness of that record but it's basically reversing burden of proof on this, doesn't require state gov't to use this at this point, but it does say that the legality or authorization of an activity which is verified through blockchain ... so later if you put your proofs on bitcoin and the govt says they don't like bitcoin, your proofs are still valid even if the blockchain is used for something else.
[Tue 11:56:47] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: I met the guy who helped draft it and trying to recruit him and other political people to get similar things added. If I were to do one thing differently, I'd change format as per an international standard.
[Tue 11:57:19] *	AlexR (~AlexR@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:57:27] <manu>	Topic: Update on Work Items
[Tue 11:57:29] <dlongley>	manu: Thank you Christopher -- update on work items. I want to iterate to the group that this group will not become "blockchain blockchain blockchain", we just had a lot of events about it. This is just a heads up about what just happened and we're concentrating on a single call.
[Tue 11:57:33] <ChristopherA>	(I'm at MIT media lab and some good verified credentials interest here)
[Tue 11:57:34] <burn>	claims data model draft spec:  http://opencreds.org/specs/source/claims-data-model/
[Tue 11:57:42] <carla_casilli>	Blockchainz 'R us. ;) Great to hear all of this activity.
[Tue 11:57:44] <dlongley>	manu: Dan Burnett, can you give us an update on the data model spec?
[Tue 11:58:37] <dlongley>	Dan: Not enough time to cover everything, I sent an email about it. The main ones are that there's a JWT example, I renamed Credential to be TBDCredential because we didn't pick a prefix, we just need to decide that, that's probably the biggest item other than review. I updated examples to be as real as I could.
[Tue 11:58:48] *	bsletten has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:58:54] <dlongley>	Dan: I haven't decided what we want to say in the intro but not go too far in making people think this is a decision vs. some ideas.
[Tue 11:59:04] <dlongley>	Dan: There's a big topic on the list and we can discuss that sometime.
[Tue 11:59:27] <ChristopherA>	(At some point I would like to see that optional proof of publication be a requirement of any alternative forms)
[Tue 11:59:34] <ShaneM>	use cases updates?
[Tue 11:59:55] <dlongley>	Manu: Thank you. Charter hasn't been updated, use cases had several hours on it at design workshop changes are pending, haven't updated the FAQ, got data model spec updated from Dan, survey results in a holding pattern but found someone to update that doc and produce it. Still need someone to write a one page summary for W3C AC reps. Architecture document got a tremendous amount of work this weekend at the workshop.
[Tue 12:00:23] <dlongley>	manu: This is a group of six people at workshop that did a review of the use cases, no contact with this group previously and in the next 2 weeks or so they'll get the review to you, Shane.
[Tue 12:00:36] <dlongley>	manu: We've got about a month to get this in front of the Web Payments IG and then push it to W3C for a vote.
[Tue 12:00:39] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000028c] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:43] <dlongley>	manu: We have the first three weeks of June to get it done.
[Tue 12:00:55] <KerriLemoie>	Excellent call. Thank you
[Tue 12:00:58] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-00000283] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:01] <voip-vctf>	BillDeL [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000026f] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:02] <voip-vctf>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000271] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:02] <dlongley>	manu: Sorry the call was so packed today, we're out of time -- thanks to all and we'll see you all next week at 11am same channel.
[Tue 12:01:02] <voip-vctf>	Rob Trainer [SIP/71.121.234.111-00000270] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:03] <voip-vctf>	Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.174-0000026e] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:04] *	AnitaBrady has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:01:04] <carla_casilli>	thanks, Manu. Congrats on all of the work!
[Tue 12:01:02] <dlongley>	Present+ rob, romero, taaz, kellogg
