[Tue 12:05:15] <kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Aug/0039.html
[Tue 12:05:58] <dlongley>	scribe: dlongley
[Tue 12:06:00] <manu>	Topic: Introductions
[Tue 12:06:46] <voip-ccg>	17736142279 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c4] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:06:59] <dlongley>	Evan: I am the executive director of knowledge and meta data management at NY times. Over see information we put out. Involved as a data guy at the time, involved in several different threads all over the planet having to do with verifying claims/dealing with fake news. Interested in this community.
[Tue 12:07:02] *	cwebber2 773 is Chris Webber
[Tue 12:07:08] <voip-ccg>	972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c5] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:07:29] <rgrant>	+1
[Tue 12:07:42] *	manu thank you kimhd !!!
[Tue 12:07:59] <voip-ccg>	18015730773 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c6] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:08:08] *	Claire has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:08:15] *	manu kimhd can we ID the other folks on the call?
[Tue 12:08:18] <dlongley>	Claire: I'm Claire R and work along side Moses Ma in the Bay area. Staff social scientist and guardian of relationships at FutureLabs Consulting.
[Tue 12:08:21] *	dlongley please backfill
[Tue 12:08:23] <nage>	voip: 0c6 is mike-lodder
[Tue 12:08:23] <voip-ccg>	Associated mike-lodder with SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c6.
[Tue 12:08:31] <manu>	Topic: Fake News and Bots
[Tue 12:08:54] *	Lionel (~Lionel@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:08:59] <mike-lodder>	I'm Mike Lodder, I work at Evernym as Senior Crypto Engineer
[Tue 12:09:47] <dlongley>	Moses: We're going to spend 30 minutes talking about bots and VCs. Will be talking about a set of rules, you don't have to use the queue, but please use the chat channel and have some content in it. I'm going to ask everyone to say something during the event, bringing out the participation. We will also do perspective switching, when the energy of the discussion dies down we'll switch to a different perspective, open systems to user requirements, etc.
[Tue 12:09:48] <dlongley>	... Want to keep energy going, I urge all of you to speak up and be verbose in the comment stream.
[Tue 12:09:57] *	kimhd hi Mike, thanks for joining!
[Tue 12:10:03] <dlongley>	Moses: Only other thing I do request, I do request that you capture what the scribe is saying so there's context.
[Tue 12:10:03] *	Drummond Note that I'm on my way to the airport and will only be able to stay for the first half of today's call
[Tue 12:10:05] *	manu no questions...
[Tue 12:10:11] *	Sandhaus (~Sandhaus@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:10:14] *	manu q?
[Tue 12:10:15] <manu>	q?
[Tue 12:10:15] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:10:18] <Lionel>	q?
[Tue 12:10:18] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:10:20] <MosesMa>	q?
[Tue 12:10:20] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:10:40] <dlongley>	Moses: We start with what we call the bingo round. Everyone say what you want to say.
[Tue 12:10:51] <manu>	q+ to provide some light framing
[Tue 12:10:51] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:10:57] <rgrant>	dlongley: capture what the scribe types, speakers should wait for the scribe to begin capturing so that there is written context.
[Tue 12:10:59] <dlongley>	Moses: Just share your feeling for five minutes. Anyone have something to say about this subject?
[Tue 12:11:04] *	nage use q+ to add yourself to the queue and q- to take yourself back off again
[Tue 12:11:11] <DavidC>	q+
[Tue 12:11:11] <voip-ccg>	DavidC has been added to the queue: manu, DavidC
[Tue 12:11:27] *	joaosantos has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:11:32] <dlongley>	manu: What I'd like to see out of the discussion today is a concrete next step. At a high level I'd like to see if we can use VC to address fake bots/news problems around the world.
[Tue 12:11:57] <dlongley>	manu: We haven't had a lot of journalists in the group, but we have talked about VCs being helpful to journalists and the industry but we're not sure exactly how to proceed.
[Tue 12:12:17] <dlongley>	manu: I'd love to hear from the journalists that are here on the call today and what they're thinking on verifiable statements and how they could potentially use those to combat the problem.
[Tue 12:12:26] <burn>	ack DavidC
[Tue 12:12:26] <voip-ccg>	DavidC has the floor.
[Tue 12:12:28] *	dlongley you may be muted
[Tue 12:12:31] *	manu can't hear DavidC
[Tue 12:12:41] <MosesMa>	q?
[Tue 12:12:41] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:12:48] <manu>	q- manu
[Tue 12:12:48] <voip-ccg>	manu has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 12:16:06] <dlongley>	DavidC: I did respond to the post on this issue, I didn't get replies yet. I don't know if people agree/disagree are just silent. It's relatively easy solution to solve provided that we have a trusted issuer that can make statements like "This person is a UK citizen" or "This is David Chadwick."
[Tue 12:16:22] <dlongley>	DavidC: That would solve the problem with bots, but the problem I see is that that will be quite difficult with the current state of government technology.
[Tue 12:16:33] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:16:33] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: rgrant
[Tue 12:16:45] *	stonematt (~stonematt@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:16:46] <dlongley>	DavidC: Maybe banks could be the trusted issuers we're looking for because banks are now required to know their customers. But not everyone has a bank account, so there's a problem there.
[Tue 12:16:56] <dlongley>	DavidC: So getting a trusted issuer that everyone would have is a difficult problem.
[Tue 12:16:58] <MosesMa>	q?
[Tue 12:16:58] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: rgrant
[Tue 12:17:15] *	kimhd someone has a lot of background noise
[Tue 12:17:29] <voip-ccg>	15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000dd] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:17:29] <burn>	ack rgrant
[Tue 12:17:29] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has the floor.
[Tue 12:17:30] <rgrant>	q-
[Tue 12:17:30] <voip-ccg>	undefined isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:17:32] <Lionel>	Lionel: Just worked!
[Tue 12:17:33] <burn>	q?
[Tue 12:17:33] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:17:37] <rgrant>	i'd like to work on my audio, first
[Tue 12:17:38] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[Tue 12:17:38] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: 15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a4], Moses [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a5], Claire [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000ae], AdamSobieski [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000af], Ryan [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000b0], Claire Rumore [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000b1], kimhd [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000b3], EvanSandhaus [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000b4], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000000b7], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000000b8], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000000b9], nage
[Tue 12:17:38] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/sip2sip.info-000000ba], Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000bb], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000000bc], Dan_Burnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000bd], amigus [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000be], JoeAndrieu [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000bf], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000000c1], 15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c2], 17736142279 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c4], 972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c5], mike-lodder [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c6], Matt Stone
[Tue 12:17:38] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/sip.linphone.org-000000c8], 12166186275 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c9], 14156909167 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000ca], 12066188530 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000cb], JoeAndrieu [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000cc], amigus [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000ce], rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000d0], 18015730773 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000d1], 17736142279 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000cf], kimhd [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000d2], 15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000d3], 14155681068
[Tue 12:17:38] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-000000d5], 17187153398 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000d4], Dan_Burnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000d7], 15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000dd].
[Tue 12:17:50] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: mute 0bb
[Tue 12:17:50] <voip-ccg>	Muting Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000bb].
[Tue 12:17:55] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: unmute 0bb
[Tue 12:17:55] <voip-ccg>	Unmuting Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000bb].
[Tue 12:18:04] *	dlongley thank you, whomever just muted :)
[Tue 12:18:18] <dlongley>	kimhd: For this round, dont' worry about the queue, just pipe up.
[Tue 12:18:30] <dlongley>	MosesMa: Are there any journalists that would like to talk about what you're working on?
[Tue 12:18:36] <Sandhaus>	Q+
[Tue 12:18:39] *	burn wonders if they are still on the line
[Tue 12:18:54] <stonematt>	ack Sandhaus
[Tue 12:18:54] <voip-ccg>	Sandhaus isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:18:58] <burn>	q?
[Tue 12:18:58] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:19:28] <dlongley>	Sandhaus: I just wanted to say that, first of all, technologist not a journalist. The times right now is involved in learning about various efforts in the credibility space. We haven't to my knowledge made any super firm decisions on which way to go.
[Tue 12:20:05] <dlongley>	Sandhaus: Personally, the idea of making specific claims about the credibility of the individual statements is something we do in interactive pieces, here's what such and such say and so on. I'm thinking that a piece like that may be a place to start exploring the kind of work that's being proposed.
[Tue 12:20:25] <dlongley>	Sandhaus: I'm thinking of a couple of folks that would be interested in these efforts and will direct their attention after this discussion.
[Tue 12:20:47] <manu>	Yes! Bring in retired editors!
[Tue 12:20:52] <dlongley>	MosesMa: I have a friend, Paul Ingracia and has won a pulitzer and I don't know if you know him... would like to bring in retired editors.
[Tue 12:21:06] <dlongley>	Sandhaus: I don't know how that would hurt! Any folks you can bring in that think this is a good idea would help.
[Tue 12:21:09] <dlongley>	MosesMa: Terrific.
[Tue 12:21:21] <amigus>	Question: is this about credentialing journalists or are we including editors, sources, etc.?
[Tue 12:21:29] <manu>	q+ to provide "how would this work?"
[Tue 12:21:29] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:21:47] <dlongley>	MosesMa: We can switch the context because we're already running down on time. How would this work ... just open the floor, maybe Manu and Drummond could speak up. Anyone is included. Talk first about credentialing journalists or VCs in an article. Then we'll switch to people vs. bots.
[Tue 12:21:51] <amigus>	In the case of sources, I think the security and privacy considerations are quite different.
[Tue 12:22:19] <dlongley>	manu: This is a response to Adam Migus in IRC. First of all Evan, thanks for giving us that perspective and helping to connect folks to the work here. There are a number of loose ideas floating around on how a VC could be used in journalism.
[Tue 12:23:03] <dlongley>	manu: One of the things is not credentialing journalists but giving them a stronger set of VCs that says they work for NY times and have published articles X, Y, Z. That's not necessarily where the focus would be. We have education folks that want to credential people with certain training. But what I've heard about VC and fake news is ...
[Tue 12:23:39] <MosesMa>	q?
[Tue 12:23:39] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:23:59] <dlongley>	manu: Can you even identify whether a story has been vetted by a professional. Basic fact checking. Having a VC that points to a specific article on the Web that says NY times, CNN/Whatever has factually inaccurate. When people click on clickbait and end up on a site the browser can say the site has been identified by X as factually inaccurate.
[Tue 12:24:10] <dlongley>	manu: It's the same kind of warning for malware/bad SSL cert sites.
[Tue 12:24:11] <nage>	q+ to mention the issue of censorship resistance with respect to negative reputation vs positive reputation
[Tue 12:24:11] <voip-ccg>	nage has been added to the queue: manu, nage
[Tue 12:24:57] <dlongley>	manu: That's the ability to create a VC to say "This is a bad website or bad story" and being able to follow your noise back to the proof. You don't have to trust any particular institution. Right now you depend on Google Chrome, for example, to tell you if a site is a phishing site. Combating fake news may require a more decentralized solution.
[Tue 12:25:00] <rgrant>	"we ALSO stamp: all the news that DIDN'T fit our print"
[Tue 12:25:07] <dlongley>	manu: Many different websites having their own lists of what is fake news and isn't.
[Tue 12:25:52] <MosesMa>	q?
[Tue 12:25:52] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu, nage
[Tue 12:25:59] *	kimhd Moses, feel free to take til :40 after the hour
[Tue 12:26:01] <dlongley>	manu: The person that's browsing the Web can choose what the sources of news are. That has broad concerns. People can get biased news -- huge discussion. The simple fake that an organization a journalism organization can issue a VC stating whether something is factually accurate or inaccurate is another possible signature that's useful for people browsing the Web.
[Tue 12:26:06] <Lionel>	q+
[Tue 12:26:06] <voip-ccg>	Lionel has been added to the queue: manu, nage, Lionel
[Tue 12:26:10] <dlongley>	manu: That's one way to combat fake news.
[Tue 12:26:17] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 12:26:17] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to provide "how would this work?").
[Tue 12:26:47] <dlongley>	DavidC: Couple of problems with that. If you take someone like Briebart, sometimes the news will be true or sometimes fake, publishing a VC saying the site is bad may lend the issuer of the claim in court for libel.
[Tue 12:27:00] <MosesMa>	q?
[Tue 12:27:00] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: nage, Lionel
[Tue 12:27:04] <dlongley>	DavidC: Two people see an incident and report it in different ways as well. Could both be true based on perspective.
[Tue 12:27:20] <dlongley>	DavidC: Publishing a credential on one site and saying another site is fake news is problematic.
[Tue 12:27:21] <dlongley>	manu: I agree.
[Tue 12:27:44] <kimhd>	q+ to ask about DavidC's assertion; but is this really making the libel problem worse?
[Tue 12:27:44] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has been added to the queue: nage, Lionel, kimhd
[Tue 12:28:03] <stonematt>	that's why fake news issues are so insidious - blending fake stories w/ real stories gives the fake ones "creditability"  -- granularity to vouch for validity is essential
[Tue 12:29:00] *	amigus_ (~Adam@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:29:09] <dlongley>	nage: This adds to what David just mentioned, it's really easy to incentivize someone to forget but not for information that they know. It's really hard to cryptographically know that a negative reputation exists because they won't flow to the end user. That creates lots of different problems from a journalists perspective. We can easily let journalists create lots of positive assertations though. To let people trace information back to know whether it's credible. It will be much easier to distinguish good journalism from casual blogging, etc with that approach.
[Tue 12:29:18] *	dlongley sorry for botching that a bit, trying to intellectually turn off
[Tue 12:29:18] <manu>	+1 to what Nathan just said - agree that negative reputation has its problem.
[Tue 12:29:24] <manu>	ack nage
[Tue 12:29:24] <voip-ccg>	nage has the floor (to mention the issue of censorship resistance with respect to negative reputation vs positive reputation).
[Tue 12:29:26] <manu>	ack Lionel 
[Tue 12:29:26] <voip-ccg>	Lionel has the floor.
[Tue 12:29:35] <kimhd>	q-
[Tue 12:29:35] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 12:29:45] *	Evan_Sandhaus (~Evan_Sandhaus@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:30:17] <Evan_Sandhaus>	Q+
[Tue 12:30:17] <dlongley>	Lionel: One clarifying case for me was that when the holocaust denier was brought to trial, they used a fake book that was cited. In the spirit of agile and lean develop we can grab onto some aspect to move things forward. My opinion on the problem side -- having an overlay on the page for verified facts...
[Tue 12:30:22] <manu>	q+ Evan_Sandhaus 
[Tue 12:30:23] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: Evan_Sandhaus
[Tue 12:30:36] <MosesMa>	q?
[Tue 12:30:36] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: Evan_Sandhaus
[Tue 12:30:55] <nage>	to add to my earlier point, forcing disclosure of negative reputation events introduces a censorship choke point, where focusing on positive attestations helps differentiate in-depth research and real journalism from more casual statements without that level of attestation
[Tue 12:31:21] *	Sandhaus has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:31:30] <dlongley>	Lionel: With different authorities signing things, would allow for even so called "fake news" -- we have different dimensions, people rarely have a shared anchor to have a discussion. In interest of society have all voices raised and only label malicious. It's difficult to label a website because it's not canonical, can't hash it. Moving forward on something, on the positive side, I'm excited Evan is here because I didn't realize NY times had people in this space.
[Tue 12:31:45] *	burn has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:32:06] <dlongley>	Lionel: Maybe get a trusted authority to sign statements -- and go with the snopes model that people understand. A page with "Here's the issue, X conspiracy" and these are the claims about it, and who signed them.
[Tue 12:32:07] <JoeAndrieu>	I expect that VCs from Journalists about "facts" are less likely than Journalists providing a link to their own fact checking. That's why we trust journalists: because they are both trained and committed to an ethical process of factual investigation.
[Tue 12:32:20] <MosesMa>	q?
[Tue 12:32:20] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: Evan_Sandhaus
[Tue 12:32:37] <dlongley>	Lionel: Then people clicking on clickbait and see at a glance what they consider fake news or not. This would allow a decentralized way that anyone could verify claims and gravitate towards what they trust.
[Tue 12:32:51] <JoeAndrieu>	which is to say "facts" feels arbitrarily black and white and the most interesting cases are more nuanced
[Tue 12:32:56] *	Drummond I am just arriving at the airport and must sign off
[Tue 12:33:02] <dlongley>	Lionel: I wanted to sneak in wikipedia footnotes, those are pretty good. Maybe some kind of model where we could cite a fact and go to that style of footnote and it would be signed and you could access the certificate.
[Tue 12:33:04] *	manu safe travels, Drummond!
[Tue 12:33:07] *	Drummond has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:33:36] <dlongley>	MosesMa: Our company works in deep learning and machine learning. We need new tech to address this, advanced reputation systems to use adaboost -- maybe better solutions in this area.
[Tue 12:33:44] <MosesMa>	q?
[Tue 12:33:44] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: Evan_Sandhaus
[Tue 12:33:48] <JoeAndrieu>	+1 for wikipedia footnotes as inspiration
[Tue 12:34:26] <kimhd>	I'm interested in the combined insights from Nathan and Lionel. Ideally there's a way to tag facts and reference them without expecting users to learn a formal grammar
[Tue 12:34:42] <MosesMa>	q?
[Tue 12:34:42] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: Evan_Sandhaus
[Tue 12:34:47] <manu>	ack Evan_Sandhaus 
[Tue 12:34:48] <voip-ccg>	Evan_Sandhaus has the floor.
[Tue 12:35:01] <dlongley>	Evan_Sandhaus: To build on some of the observations -- I appreciate the folks who grew the NY times as credible. I grew up in Kansas and not everyone there feels the same way :). We have to be sensitive to it, what is and isn't a credible source. With someone with two degrees in CS, I love absolute boolean claims. This is true this is false. The way most journalism plays out, from a formal reasoning perspective there are few things where you can say something is false. The claim that can be made more reliably made ...
[Tue 12:35:09] <dlongley>	Evan_Sandhaus: is that this piece contains misleading claims and this is what they are.
[Tue 12:35:18] <manu>	That one statement was worth this entire discussion!!! ^^^
[Tue 12:35:32] <rgrant>	q+ positive comment: i also love the Wikipedia references idea.  the opposite of "citation needed".  i would love to get a ground truth of verifiable claims into my news stream.  low-hanging fruit might include: financial stories based on earnings reports that have been verified.
[Tue 12:35:32] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been added to the queue: rgrant
[Tue 12:35:35] <dlongley>	Evan_Sandhaus: I might encourage this group applying the tech to that. Whether than saying this article is X and X is false. Better to say this article says X and that's a misleading claim.
[Tue 12:35:36] <stonematt>	+1 for that
[Tue 12:35:37] <manu>	That's a great takeaway...
[Tue 12:35:43] <dlongley>	MosesMa: Thanks, Evan!
[Tue 12:35:45] <dlongley>	Evan_Sandhaus: Thanks all!
[Tue 12:35:45] <MosesMa>	q?
[Tue 12:35:45] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: rgrant
[Tue 12:35:47] <nage>	+1 to kimhd's sentiment, the user shouldn't think of this as a new grammar, it is important to get the use case right.  In fact, how sources themselves sign the data they provide may be the most helpful enhancement.
[Tue 12:35:57] <kimhd>	I also like the browser usability that Manu and Evan described
[Tue 12:36:46] <dlongley>	rgrant: I wanted to add that the wikipedia idea sounded awesome. I'd like VC in my news streams. Financial stories where only the financial numbers were verifiable -- perhaps by a news source that specializes in financial reports or companies signing those sorts of things themselves.
[Tue 12:36:51] <dlongley>	rgrant: All kinds of news could be built on that.
[Tue 12:36:59] <MosesMa>	q?
[Tue 12:36:59] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: rgrant
[Tue 12:37:08] <amigus_>	q+
[Tue 12:37:08] <voip-ccg>	amigus_ has been added to the queue: rgrant, amigus_
[Tue 12:37:09] <dlongley>	MosesMa: Excellent input. Would like to switch the perspective but to look into identifying someone who is not a human.
[Tue 12:37:13] <manu>	ack rgrant 
[Tue 12:37:13] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has the floor (positive comment: i also love the Wikipedia references idea.  the opposite of "citation needed".  i would love to get a ground truth of verifiable claims into my news stream.  low-hanging fruit might include: financial stories based on earnings reports that have been verified.).
[Tue 12:37:31] *	kimhd I fail the "are you a human tests all the time" =/
[Tue 12:37:32] <dlongley>	MosesMa: Any ideas on how to use decentralized ID on how someone is a person and not just a way to boost Google numbers.
[Tue 12:37:37] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:37:37] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: amigus_
[Tue 12:37:38] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 12:37:38] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: amigus_
[Tue 12:37:39] <rgrant>	q+
[Tue 12:37:39] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been added to the queue: amigus_, rgrant
[Tue 12:37:41] <manu>	q+ for "this is a human" style statements.
[Tue 12:37:41] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: amigus_, rgrant, manu
[Tue 12:37:46] <Lionel>	q+
[Tue 12:37:47] <voip-ccg>	Lionel has been added to the queue: amigus_, rgrant, manu, Lionel
[Tue 12:37:49] <manu>	ack amigus 
[Tue 12:37:49] <voip-ccg>	amigus isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:37:54] <MosesMa>	q?
[Tue 12:37:54] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: amigus_, rgrant, manu, Lionel
[Tue 12:37:54] <manu>	ack amigus_
[Tue 12:37:54] <voip-ccg>	amigus_ has the floor.
[Tue 12:38:08] <rgrant>	q-
[Tue 12:38:08] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been removed from the queue: manu, Lionel
[Tue 12:38:18] *	manu haha, kimhd - me too. I have a hard time identifying street signs and fuzzy numbers on houses.
[Tue 12:38:30] <dlongley>	amigus: Observations and points: It seems to me that when we talk about the edges of this community, the people that are journalists, editors, sources... that to me is a place where we need to talk about identity and authoritative identity, maybe a bank might vouch for someone etc.
[Tue 12:38:37] <JoeAndrieu>	wanted to riff on Ryan's note: embedding VCs in a story to ground certain facts, eg., financial #s. that could scale quite well. not to say "microformats" but getting authors to include VCs as part of their story is powerful idea
[Tue 12:39:06] <dlongley>	amigus: At the end of the day that's needed and the place it's needed. Then we get to the content, fake real, factually real, etc. Then it becomes more consensus driven and less about identity. You want to identify people are real when writing, editing...
[Tue 12:39:14] <nage>	q+ to add that modelling 1 person == 1 idenitity causes serious privacy concerns and there are other ways to mitigate these types of attacks
[Tue 12:39:15] <voip-ccg>	nage has been added to the queue: manu, Lionel, nage
[Tue 12:39:22] <MosesMa>	q?
[Tue 12:39:22] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu, Lionel, nage
[Tue 12:39:31] <dlongley>	amigus: Then when it's on the Web you might not want to tie that back to a real individual, sources in particular...
[Tue 12:40:23] <dlongley>	amigus: I wanted to echo what Evan said, this boils down to fact checking. There is a whole community that's trying to bite off -- the librarian community -- concern about youth for vetting stories, if we're going to make it about content then make it about the facts in the content rather than curating stories for sites.
[Tue 12:40:37] <manu>	q-
[Tue 12:40:37] <voip-ccg>	manu has been removed from the queue: Lionel, nage
[Tue 12:40:39] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 12:40:39] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: Lionel, nage
[Tue 12:40:41] *	kimhd thank you Moses
[Tue 12:40:48] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 12:40:48] <voip-ccg>	stonematt has been added to the queue: Lionel, nage, stonematt
[Tue 12:41:15] <dlongley>	Lionel: I wonder if it would be helpful to provide a simple certificate and policy "I am a human" and people could voluntarily append and it would help us to identify bots. Everything is slightly automated but that might help.
[Tue 12:41:26] <MosesMa>	q?
[Tue 12:41:26] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: Lionel, nage, stonematt
[Tue 12:41:34] <stonematt>	ack Lionel
[Tue 12:41:34] <voip-ccg>	Lionel has the floor.
[Tue 12:41:36] <stonematt>	ack nage
[Tue 12:41:36] <voip-ccg>	nage has the floor (to add that modelling 1 person == 1 idenitity causes serious privacy concerns and there are other ways to mitigate these types of attacks).
[Tue 12:42:23] <JoeAndrieu>	+1 to collective attestations, including those that have real-world costs or barriers for automated agents
[Tue 12:42:26] <dlongley>	nage: I wanted to add a note, talking about attestations, having a network of people making them that's one of the best resources. I can present attestations that I have a bank account without saying with whom, it starts to become hard for bots to make those claims. Bringing in richness of the world so it's hard for bots ... so people who aren't trying to influence algorithms.
[Tue 12:42:29] <MosesMa>	q?
[Tue 12:42:29] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt
[Tue 12:42:29] *	dlongley missed some of tha.t
[Tue 12:42:31] *	Evan_Sandhaus has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:43:22] <dlongley>	stonematt: The question of curation and the role of bots is quite different in this space. I love aggregators and curators of news. But the role of a bot impersonating a person and doing likes/+1s, etc. provides a megaphone effect for news articles that might not have an audience otherwise, false volume.
[Tue 12:43:36] <dlongley>	stonematt: That seems like an area we might really dig into. Who is or what is doing those sorts of activities.
[Tue 12:43:45] <dlongley>	MosesMa: Great idea, something we should work on.
[Tue 12:44:06] <dlongley>	MosesMa: Anyone else?
[Tue 12:44:22] <nage>	Ideally you have a network of attestations that shows you have the richness of a real person in the real world.  Allowing folks to make selective disclosure credentials (or entity profiles) across their domains allows them to bring in the richness of being a real human without having to strongly vet any one particular public identity.  We want to be careful about how we model these items so that we don't switch the current systems vulerabilities for a new
[Tue 12:44:24] <nage>	set that has the similar issues.
[Tue 12:45:04] <dlongley>	JoeAndrieu: This notion that Nathan introduced, claims that have a real world cost, it's a great idea, there's also a nugget that what we're really talking about is economic cost of defrauding the system. If we can create systems that are economically feasible for humans but not for bots it opens up options to consider.
[Tue 12:45:11] <rgrant>	only human-level bots need apply
[Tue 12:45:20] <dlongley>	MosesMa: Looking at the underlying economics, yes. Like spam, if spam is free we'll have it.
[Tue 12:45:27] <Lionel>	+1 to Joe's idea of having a 'cost' for bots
[Tue 12:45:32] <kimhd>	+1 to dlongley. Maybe this is my bias, but it seems like there are many technical approaches to identify this behavior. It would have to be fine tuned and would need to allow disputes/resolution. But this actually sounds easier than many positive approaches
[Tue 12:45:34] <dlongley>	JoeAndrieu: Yes, and cryptography, can increase cost to game system to help prevent it.
[Tue 12:45:43] <manu>	q+
[Tue 12:45:43] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: stonematt, manu
[Tue 12:45:46] <manu>	ack stonematt 
[Tue 12:45:46] <voip-ccg>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 12:46:41] <nage>	+1 to helping journalists get engaged in how they might leverage verifiable claims
[Tue 12:46:47] <dlongley>	manu: Obvious next step is to get journalists engaged to understand what they want to do. If you look at fact checkers, there is wikipedia model which has been proven to be good, there's a way to pursue that but I'm wondering if hearing from journalists first would be a good thing.
[Tue 12:47:16] <dlongley>	manu: Picking something that is funded rather than volunteers. So asking paid people who go out to get the news -- asking what tools we can provide to them and delivering good news would be the next step.
[Tue 12:47:26] <dlongley>	manu: Who at the NY times/Getty do we need to talk to?
[Tue 12:47:27] <dlongley>	manu: To make that happen.
[Tue 12:47:30] <kimhd>	also +1 to get journalists engaged, to ensure we build a _relevant_ solution
[Tue 12:47:43] *	kimhd amen
[Tue 12:47:45] <dlongley>	manu: Let's engage journalists to get them more integrated into the group. Anything else we do, I think is a wild guess that is most likely not going to pan out.
[Tue 12:47:50] <MosesMa>	q?
[Tue 12:47:50] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:47:51] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 12:47:51] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:47:54] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 12:47:54] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor.
[Tue 12:47:55] <stonematt>	ack manu
[Tue 12:47:55] <voip-ccg>	manu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:48:32] <dlongley>	rgrant: Adding low-hanging fruit for journalists -- it seems like if we could get them just signing subsections of the articles they publish so that quotes from those articles could be verified, it would be systemic and not change their work flow. Then people could say the NY times gave me this verified quote.
[Tue 12:48:45] <dlongley>	MosesMa: How much money do you think we need to raise to get this initiative under way?
[Tue 12:49:01] <dlongley>	MosesMa: If we got one Republican donor and one Democratic donor it would look like a bipartisan effort that is inclusive
[Tue 12:49:53] <amigus_>	+1 to what manu said regarding engaging journalists to create a scope then figuring out how to fund the effort.
[Tue 12:49:54] <dlongley>	manu: I don't think we know what we're doing yet -- so we need to first get journalists involved on some low hanging thing. Maybe they identify something that only takes $1 million to achieve or something that takes $15 million. We need a good set of discussions with Reuters, AP, NY times, etc. we have connections there. We need to hear from them what they want to see then we can know money amounts.
[Tue 12:50:39] <dlongley>	kimhd: I did have one other action item that I can assign to myself. Lots of good insight here, not having thought through the problem space here, lots of good perspectives. From the minutes I'd like to draw specifically what I see as key insights and approaches.
[Tue 12:50:48] <dlongley>	kimhd: Thank you Moses too.
[Tue 12:50:58] <dlongley>	MosesMa: Claire is graphically recording so we'll have a picture of what we've been saying.
[Tue 12:51:13] <dlongley>	MosesMa: An old friend of highschool is now CEO of Washington Post so will reach out to get them involved as well.
[Tue 12:51:13] <JoeAndrieu>	to manu's point: if we have a specific proposal, we might consider applying for a Knight Foundation grant https://www.knightfoundation.org/challenges/knight-news-challenge
[Tue 12:51:21] <dlongley>	kimhd: Would like to wrap up the mission statement if we can.
[Tue 12:51:27] <kimhd>	https://goo.gl/sNs2vl
[Tue 12:51:27] <manu>	+1 to JoeAndrieu 
[Tue 12:51:33] <manu>	Topic: Mission Statement
[Tue 12:51:36] <manu>	https://goo.gl/sNs2vl
[Tue 12:51:46] <JoeAndrieu>	hmmm... may not be an active news challenge
[Tue 12:51:53] <dlongley>	kimhd: Three outstanding items.
[Tue 12:51:55] *	dlongley lost audio?
[Tue 12:51:58] *	manu just lost audio from Kim again
[Tue 12:51:59] *	nage lost audio as well
[Tue 12:52:02] *	manu kimhd ^^^
[Tue 12:54:07] <dlongley>	kimhd: Let me pick off the easy ones. Christopher put a comment about "proof of existence" may not be appropriate, it's a tactic supporting a solution.
[Tue 12:54:12] <dlongley>	kimhd: I'd be fine striking that.
[Tue 12:54:16] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 12:54:17] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:54:17] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:54:21] <manu>	+1 to strike
[Tue 12:54:27] <rgrant>	voip: 0e7 is rgrant
[Tue 12:54:27] <voip-ccg>	Associated rgrant with SIP/69.65.34.216-000000e7.
[Tue 12:54:44] <MosesMa>	A thought occurred to me about Agile and VC - minimally viable veracity. haha
[Tue 12:54:46] <voip-ccg>	Moses [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a5] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:55:04] <dlongley>	kimhd: Next issue, credential longevity. I'm fine dropping as long as we make it clear that our approaches are allowing recipient centric credentials. Which brings us to the last one ...
[Tue 12:55:06] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:55:06] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:55:46] <manu>	q+ to note bearer proofs are still in scope.
[Tue 12:55:46] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:55:51] <dlongley>	kimhd: "Presentation of proofs by the bearer" ... David Chadwick's concerns were about stolen claims where "bearership" is all that is needed as proof.
[Tue 12:55:58] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 12:55:58] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been added to the queue: manu, dlongley
[Tue 12:56:03] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:56:04] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu, dlongley
[Tue 12:56:33] <voip-ccg>	15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000e8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:57:13] <dlongley>	manu: A bearer credential is like a carnival ticket, if you are the bearer you can swap credentials around. Anyone who gets a hold of it can use it and it's valid. There are some cases where you want a bearer credential like voting. There are good uses for bearer credentials and we say we're seeking solutions inclusive of.
[Tue 12:57:46] <nage>	this is part of what selective disclosure helps support, it allows you to leverage non-bearer information to establish the authority or validity of items that are effectively bearer credentials
[Tue 12:57:48] <manu>	dlongley: I think DavidC's point is mostly to point of "proof is that you're bearing the credential" - he said he was satisfied w/ the language that we're using. We're talking about presenting proofs other than bearership.
[Tue 12:57:59] *	amigus has quit ("Bye")
[Tue 12:58:07] *	amigus_ is now known as amigus
[Tue 12:58:30] <MosesMa>	+1 for selective disclosure and zero knowledge proofs
[Tue 12:58:36] <dlongley>	DavidC: You're right, when it's saying "proofs" it's not just bearer credentials so there's something other than ownership/possession. Even with online voting you have a one time password you have to put in as well, and that's a "proof". One time password -- stealing the credential not good enough.
[Tue 12:59:01] <dlongley>	DavidC: Just that you possess it is something we want to get away from. It would be a backward step to say that the mere possession is sufficient.
[Tue 12:59:07] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 12:59:07] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been added to the queue: manu, dlongley, dlongley
[Tue 12:59:11] <manu>	ack manu 
[Tue 12:59:12] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to note bearer proofs are still in scope.).
[Tue 12:59:12] *	stonematt has quit ("Leaving...")
[Tue 12:59:13] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Tue 12:59:13] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 12:59:16] <manu>	q?
[Tue 12:59:16] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley
[Tue 12:59:20] *	dlongley it's like a cookie
[Tue 12:59:28] *	dlongley steal a cookie and you can get into a site.
[Tue 12:59:29] *	manu mmmm, cookie.
[Tue 12:59:33] <rgrant>	well yes, we do normally require the issuer to re-sign their claim.  but the person who the claim is about bears it.  did we choose an overloaded word for our individually-curated set of claims?
[Tue 12:59:56] <dlongley>	DavidC: A bearer credential is like ... total random stranger presents something, nothing else needed to get in.
[Tue 13:00:09] <MosesMa>	Just wanted to say bye! It was fun brainstorming with y'all!
[Tue 13:00:12] *	nage whoever is holding the cookie will be tempted to eat the cookie (even if it doesn't belong to them)
[Tue 13:00:29] <JoeAndrieu>	+1 think the language is non-contentious
[Tue 13:00:37] *	manu chuckles at nage's analogy.
[Tue 13:01:15] <manu>	dlongley: I think the language that we're using isn't contentious
[Tue 13:01:19] <rgrant>	WHOOO!
[Tue 13:01:32] <manu>	kimhd: We are done with the mission statement!
[Tue 13:01:40] <dlongley>	+1 to WHOOO!
[Tue 13:01:54] <dlongley>	Topic: Administrative Items
[Tue 13:01:54] <dlongley>	kimhd: I will update the scribe list after this to get more disciplined again.
[Tue 13:02:03] <dlongley>	kimhd: Thank you Lionel for forcing me to realize that.
[Tue 13:02:13] <Lionel>	*blush*
[Tue 13:02:15] <dlongley>	kimhd: I also want to get better about tracking our work items. I'm soliciting contributors ...
[Tue 13:02:40] <dlongley>	kimhd: Life cycle of VC is in excellent shape. For DIDs need higher level participation.
[Tue 13:02:52] <dlongley>	kimhd: Anyone interested in Data Minimization and Selective Disclosure we could use a lot of help there.
[Tue 13:02:54] <nage>	We also had a cryptographer on the call today to talk about CL and try to get something scheduled for the Digital Verification CG
[Tue 13:03:00] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 13:03:00] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley
[Tue 13:03:01] *	nage waves to mike-lodder
[Tue 13:03:03] <Lionel>	I'm interested in minimization and selective disclosure
[Tue 13:03:07] <manu>	ack dlehn 
[Tue 13:03:07] <voip-ccg>	dlehn isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 13:03:09] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Tue 13:03:11] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 13:03:31] <dlongley>	kimhd: Thanks again on the bots and the fake news, Moses, see you all next week.
[Tue 13:03:33] <voip-ccg>	Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000000c1] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:03:34] <voip-ccg>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000000b7] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:03:34] <voip-ccg>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000000b8] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:03:35] *	mike-lodder has quit ("Leaving")
[Tue 13:03:37] <voip-ccg>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000000bc] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:03:41] *	AdamS has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 13:03:41] <nage>	Kim, we had Mike Lodder on the call to get something going for CL signature schemes, selective disclosure and data minimization
[Tue 13:03:41] <nage>	Present+ rumore, sobieski, grant, kimhd, sandhaus, lake, nage, reed, burn, migus, andrieu, lodder, stone, webber
