[Tue 11:05:25] <burn>	agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Jan/0012.html
[Tue 11:05:44] *	JoeAndrieu (~JoeAndrieu@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:06:07] <voip-vctf>	Unknown [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000011] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:07] <manu>	scribe: MattLarson
[Tue 11:06:37] *	dlongley you type the person's name like this... Manu: Whatever the person says, you type down as best you can.
[Tue 11:06:40] <voip-vctf>	15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000012] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:48] *	dezell (~dezell@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:07:06] *	gkellogg you can also start with … to continue the previous talker
[Tue 11:07:39] <voip-vctf>	17278084918 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000013] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:49] <dezell>	voip: 0013 is me
[Tue 11:07:49] <voip-vctf>	Associated dezell with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000013.
[Tue 11:07:57] *	dlongley if you don't know who is talking and you weren't able to get their name, you can put a "?: blah blah" and we'll backfill the name.
[Tue 11:08:04] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:08:04] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000004], jonnycrunch [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000006], nage [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000008], Rob Trainer [SIP/71.244.128.170-00000009], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000000a], Adam Lake [SIP/66.37.88.182-0000000b], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-0000000c], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.174-0000000d], John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000000e], MattLarson [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000010], amigus
[Tue 11:08:05] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-0000000f], Unknown [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000011], 15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000012], dezell [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000013].
[Tue 11:08:17] <manu>	voip: 0012 is ChristopherA
[Tue 11:08:17] <voip-vctf>	Associated ChristopherA with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000012.
[Tue 11:08:18] *	ottonomy (~ottonomy@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:08:20] *	agropper (~agropper@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:08:41] <manu>	voip: 0011 is JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:08:41] <voip-vctf>	Associated JoeAndrieu with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000011.
[Tue 11:08:43] <burn>	Topic: Agenda review and Introductions
[Tue 11:09:00] <manu>	Chair: burn
[Tue 11:09:18] <voip-vctf>	15413668863 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000014] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:22] <ottonomy>	voip: 014 is ottonomy
[Tue 11:09:22] <voip-vctf>	Associated ottonomy with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000014.
[Tue 11:09:30] <voip-vctf>	adam [SIP/192.168.1.172-00000015] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:46] <voip-vctf>	16179245273 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000016] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:58] <voip-vctf>	adam [SIP/192.168.1.172-00000015] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:10:00] <MattLarson>	burn : Manu had suggested that web of trust use case ... issue 32 .. any objections?
[Tue 11:10:20] *	ChristopherA (~ChristopherA@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:10:38] <burn>	manu requested discussion of https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues/32
[Tue 11:10:52] *	manu MattLarson - no space between the person's name and the colon... so... "burn: foo bar"
[Tue 11:11:36] <MattLarson>	... suggested some discussion on privacy issues... any issues after trust use case?
[Tue 11:11:48] *	manu perfect, MattLarson :)
[Tue 11:11:51] *	ChristopherA (~ChristopherA@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:12:01] <burn>	Topic: Status of Verifiable Claims WG Vote
[Tue 11:12:49] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:12:49] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:13:07] <voip-vctf>	19082515759 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000017] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:13:14] *	erkorb_rm (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:13:36] <burn>	voip: 0017 is EricKorb
[Tue 11:13:36] <voip-vctf>	Associated EricKorb with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000017.
[Tue 11:13:54] <MattLarson>	manu: Status of vote. Vote closed on Sunday. Fantastically healthy turn out. Highest number of votes in history (pending verification).  Some formal objections around privacy, thinking that privacy on web could be greatly harmed. But most were simple +1s.
[Tue 11:14:47] <MattLarson>	... things are good, the only thing that we need to do is to address privacy concerns... and agenda item will address that.
[Tue 11:14:59] *	dlongley it really set the mood though
[Tue 11:15:13] <burn>	Topic: Web of Trust Use Case
[Tue 11:15:13] <burn>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues/32
[Tue 11:15:25] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:15:25] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:15:27] *	dezell thinks we need a Web of Browsers activity at W3C.
[Tue 11:15:51] <burn>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:15:51] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:16:09] <gkellogg>	Note that “WoT” is an ambigious acronym for those also involved with “Web of Things”.
[Tue 11:16:13] *	manu isn't the W3C the Web Browsers activity, dezell? :P
[Tue 11:16:21] *	manu ducks.
[Tue 11:16:21] <MattLarson>	ChristopherA: It is relevant to to quicly discuss the use case. What I tried to do was capture a more modern version of the classic PGP use case.
[Tue 11:17:19] *	ChristopherA has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:17:23] <MattLarson>	... If we have someone who wishes to establish a relationship to the world and aquire relationships and credentials and set aside some of the anonymity and get a job in those fields.
[Tue 11:18:39] *	manu you're doing great, MattLarson! :)
[Tue 11:19:09] <MattLarson>	... I tired to identify some bootstrapping issues. One of the first was the self signing. And what does it mean to be self signed? It gets more thorny in the class PGP sense.
[Tue 11:19:35] <manu>	q+
[Tue 11:19:36] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:19:39] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000019] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:19:40] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:19:40] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor.
[Tue 11:20:18] <manu>	Here's where I started responding: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues/32#issuecomment-272546904
[Tue 11:20:28] <MattLarson>	manu: Given that background, what I tried to do in the issue is map the issues in what Christopher was talking about. If you look at the issue below ^
[Tue 11:21:53] <MattLarson>	... There was a slight distinction in bewteen a claim and a credential. A verifiable claim could be a age on a license . An entity credential is a collection of claims. For instance a drivers license is an entity credential.
[Tue 11:22:14] <JoeAndrieu>	Terminology: Is it ok to say that an unsigned claim is a "claim"?
[Tue 11:23:19] <burn>	Joe, I personally think so.  It is a claim, but it is not a verifiable claim
[Tue 11:23:34] <nage>	q+
[Tue 11:23:34] <voip-vctf>	nage has been added to the queue: nage
[Tue 11:23:59] <burn>	ack nage
[Tue 11:23:59] <voip-vctf>	nage has the floor.
[Tue 11:24:01] <MattLarson>	... At the bottom of the comments there is a properly formed credential.
[Tue 11:24:01] <dlongley>	q+ to say the "issuer" property is missing in that example
[Tue 11:24:01] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:24:36] <erkorb_rm>	is this the example Manu is referring to: // This credential states that Alice knows Bob, and Bob has a public key X
[Tue 11:24:37] <MattLarson>	nage: One question I have is what zero knowledge proofs have in verifiable claims?
[Tue 11:25:09] <manu>	erkorb_rm, no, that's not the example, it's the one further up on the page.
[Tue 11:25:23] <manu>	erkorb_rm, this is the example we're looking at - https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues/32#issuecomment-272546904
[Tue 11:25:33] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:25:33] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley
[Tue 11:25:55] <manu>	q+ to respond to ZKPs as just another type of Verifiable Claim... and we need to see the data format for ZKPs.
[Tue 11:25:55] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: dlongley, manu
[Tue 11:26:01] <erkorb_rm>	manu, thx
[Tue 11:27:01] <burn>	ack dlongley
[Tue 11:27:01] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor (to say the "issuer" property is missing in that example).
[Tue 11:27:11] <erkorb_rm>	manu, DDO = ?
[Tue 11:27:25] <dlongley>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues/32#issuecomment-273218981
[Tue 11:27:28] <manu>	erkorb_rm, DDO means Decentralized Identifier Descriptor Object 
[Tue 11:27:45] <MattLarson>	dlongley: Part of the challenge here is we really arent talking about the cypto and there is some questions about the crypoto graphic proofs and how they related to verifiable claims.
[Tue 11:27:58] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:27:58] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to respond to ZKPs as just another type of Verifiable Claim... and we need to see the data format for ZKPs.).
[Tue 11:28:36] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:28:36] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:29:18] <manu>	Pseudonymous signature scheme: https://w3c-dvcg.github.io/lds-pseudonymous2016/
[Tue 11:29:19] <MattLarson>	manu: Nathan to to respnd there are multiple places where these proofs can be  used in VC. SO what might be most helpful is to define the data models.  Since we are a working group we need to be very specific about DM and how they apply to VC.
[Tue 11:29:30] <ChristopherA>	These are ZKPs - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zero-knowledge_proof
[Tue 11:30:13] <ChristopherA>	please don't confuse these with cryptographic proofs.
[Tue 11:30:21] <ChristopherA>	They are VERY advanced.
[Tue 11:30:43] <dlongley>	the attributes you express in the claim may eliminate your pseudonymity, despite your best efforts to hide other types of identifiers
[Tue 11:30:45] <ChristopherA>	There are things between like selective disclosure.
[Tue 11:31:44] <MattLarson>	... VC is focusing on cyrpto graqphic proofs. We have to be very careful about ZKPs.  We have to be very careful when we say a technology protects a persons privacy. As there are simple defeats to these technologies.
[Tue 11:31:59] <dlongley>	furthermore, your ability to use claims made about you may be significantly reduced (or entirely) due to a lack of accountability (as they seem to made about "anyone")
[Tue 11:32:11] <burn>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:32:11] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:33:40] <MattLarson>	ChristopherA: I have some concerns in that I want the dataformat to express the ability to address ZKPs. But in fact ZKP are very new and there are a variety of complexities. And I dont want that to get in the way of being able to have psuedo anomonymous low cryptography claims.
[Tue 11:34:58] <MattLarson>	... lets be careful and not get totally lost. The big thing that is missing is the question of a nonce that I talked about. The question of a simple cyrypto that that the other party has possession of the private key.
[Tue 11:35:13] <manu>	q+ to mention how a public key may be listed and verified. counter-signed.
[Tue 11:35:13] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:35:16] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 11:35:16] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: manu, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:35:20] <manu>	q-
[Tue 11:35:20] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:35:21] <manu>	q+ to mention how a public key may be listed and verified. counter-signed.
[Tue 11:35:21] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu, manu
[Tue 11:35:32] <burn>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:35:33] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 11:35:36] <MattLarson>	... finally lets make sure everyone knows that no names have been exchanged here.
[Tue 11:36:13] <manu>	q+ to mention how we revoke/amend w/o decentralized ledgers.
[Tue 11:36:13] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, manu
[Tue 11:36:18] <MattLarson>	JoeAndrieu: My question is about the user use cases... about the revocation of a claim. Manu I appreciate yuour feed back that we dont depend on ledgers.
[Tue 11:36:24] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:36:24] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to mention how a public key may be listed and verified. counter-signed.).
[Tue 11:36:38] <MattLarson>	... how do we talk about this example when a claim has been revoked or ammended.
[Tue 11:37:15] <MattLarson>	manu: The use case is covered in multiple ways.  What is the best practice?
[Tue 11:37:31] <dlongley>	note: because this data model is based on Linked Data, we can mark up just about anything at all; anyone can create vocabularies in a decentralized way to represent the meaning they want to convey in their claims.
[Tue 11:37:48] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:37:48] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to mention how we revoke/amend w/o decentralized ledgers.).
[Tue 11:38:43] <MattLarson>	... To address that is is a decentralized ledger markup? This is true. Anywhere there is did: this can be replaced with a https: url. But when you do that you lose data portability.
[Tue 11:38:51] <dlongley>	there can also be links to revocation ledgers or lists included with credentials
[Tue 11:39:25] <manu>	q+ to talk about referenceable live source of info about claim.
[Tue 11:39:25] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:39:41] <ottonomy>	As manu says, some companies are strongly in favor of using http scheme. A couple large companies in Open Badges approached me to request that http based ids for badge objects continue to be supported.
[Tue 11:39:45] <MattLarson>	JoeAndrieu: if there is not a referencable live souce of this information there is no way to ammend it. Am I on the right page?
[Tue 11:40:08] <manu>	Here's an example of a credential identifier:    "id": "did::Alice#CREDENTIAL1",  // this credential lives in the DDO (although, this is not necessary)
[Tue 11:40:16] <ChristopherA>	DID have a method to see revocation
[Tue 11:40:18] <dlongley>	it could also be linked to via the issuer's dereferencable identifier ... there are a variety of ways we could support different modes of revocation.
[Tue 11:40:39] <dlongley>	q+ to say the issuer could declare it themselves
[Tue 11:40:39] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: manu, dlongley
[Tue 11:40:42] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:40:42] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: manu, dlongley, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:40:46] <MattLarson>	manu: at the minimum there is that identifier. There could be another link to a revocation list.
[Tue 11:40:47] <jonnycrunch>	does multiaddr have a role in the identifier?  https://github.com/multiformats/multiaddr/blob/master/protocols.csv
[Tue 11:40:48] <ottonomy>	See ob:RevocationList http://openbadgespec.org/#RevocationList
[Tue 11:41:08] <dlongley>	q-
[Tue 11:41:08] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been removed from the queue: manu, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:41:12] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:41:12] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to talk about referenceable live source of info about claim.).
[Tue 11:41:24] <ChristopherA>	I'm not sure ob:RevocationList is the way you do it with many DIDs methods.
[Tue 11:41:35] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:41:35] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:41:42] <burn>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:41:42] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:42:30] <MattLarson>	ChristopherA: I want to make it clear that it depends on the DID method.  In some of the methods that are being developed now there are different ways revocation is accepted. So there might be multiple ways to do it.
[Tue 11:42:36] <burn>	q+ to ask if Christopher believes his concerns are solvable (Manu's question)
[Tue 11:42:36] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: burn
[Tue 11:42:57] <dlongley>	q+ to summarize revocation
[Tue 11:42:57] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: burn, dlongley
[Tue 11:43:02] <MattLarson>	... In the simplest method the whole claim is revoked and placed.  there is no revocation list.
[Tue 11:43:02] <manu>	q+ to note that we're not going to make ONE recommendation on how to do this, we need to stay agnostic, and suggest a way forward - further discussion on that issue.
[Tue 11:43:02] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: burn, dlongley, manu
[Tue 11:43:39] <burn>	q-
[Tue 11:43:39] <voip-vctf>	burn has been removed from the queue: dlongley, manu
[Tue 11:43:44] <burn>	ack dlongley
[Tue 11:43:44] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor (to summarize revocation).
[Tue 11:44:35] <ChristopherA>	Not necessarily "every possible way", but the most important ones.
[Tue 11:44:46] <manu>	Yes, agreed.
[Tue 11:45:04] <ottonomy>	@ChristopherA Seems like you are assuming a method of resolving dids to a hosted/available entity. OB defined RevocationLists for @ids where that may not be possible, by making a revocationList available instead. I'm interested in your comments about ob:RevocationList; you could drop them here https://github.com/openbadges/openbadges-specification/issues/33
[Tue 11:45:06] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:45:06] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note that we're not going to make ONE recommendation on how to do this, we need to stay agnostic, and suggest a way forward - further discussion on that issue.).
[Tue 11:45:06] <MattLarson>	dlongley: It depends on the type of claim in how the revocation is expressed. Its our job to ensure that the data model can express this information. Not say there is only one machine readable way to do this.
[Tue 11:45:10] <ChristopherA>	Also, we don't require ways that others don't need.
[Tue 11:46:01] <burn>	agree that next discussion should happen in the issue before we talk about it again
[Tue 11:46:07] <MattLarson>	manu: The question is does ChristopherA feel if the use case issues have been addressed. This discussion can move to the issue tracker.
[Tue 11:46:38] <MattLarson>	ChristopherA: progress is being made, but some maturation is needed in the cryptographic proof.
[Tue 11:48:02] <MattLarson>	Agreement that this discussion can occur in issue tracker.
[Tue 11:48:09] <burn>	Topic: Prioritization of/response to privacy concerns
[Tue 11:49:01] <MattLarson>	manu: This has to do with formal objections. Most everyone who had objections had privacy concerns.(Destruction of internet privacy)
[Tue 11:49:26] <burn>	wow, amazing since one of our drivers has always been the enabling of privacy at the core
[Tue 11:49:28] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:49:28] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:49:40] <MattLarson>	manu: The group cares about privacy but communication has not been ideal.
[Tue 11:50:01] <MattLarson>	... The privacy sections of the spec should be filled in at least to what we can
[Tue 11:50:37] <MattLarson>	... The use of any long lived identifier is dangerous. And cross origin identifiers should be discouraged.
[Tue 11:51:01] <dlongley>	general idea being put forth by the objectors is that the foundation for any claims tech should be unlinkable claims, everything must be built *on top of* it.
[Tue 11:51:27] <MattLarson>	manu: emails as cross origin ids exist, but we dont want to make the problem worse.
[Tue 11:52:33] <burn>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:52:33] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:52:34] <amigus>	q+
[Tue 11:52:34] <voip-vctf>	amigus has been added to the queue: amigus
[Tue 11:52:35] <dlongley>	rather than our approach: there are different use cases, we can do pseudonymity in some cases and not others, some claims strongly identify people anyway, let's not *require* everything to be built on a layer of complexity that may prohibit certain use cases from being practically implemented (or that may bind us to a particular type of crypto that may be broken in the future)
[Tue 11:52:42] <MattLarson>	manu: we are going to have to put forth more effort in explaining our privacy strategies. Who can volunteer to help us document our current thinking on privacy?
[Tue 11:53:41] <MattLarson>	ChristopherA: privacy is an overloaded word and there are many approaches to privacy. We crippled here in that we are mostly focused on data format and protocols generally address that.
[Tue 11:54:47] <burn>	ack amigus
[Tue 11:54:47] <voip-vctf>	amigus has the floor.
[Tue 11:54:47] <MattLarson>	... Identity is correlation which is good/bad on one had we are correlating as a part of this effort, but on the other hand correlation can reduce privacy.
[Tue 11:55:11] <dlongley>	email address.
[Tue 11:55:56] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:55:56] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:57:01] <agropper>	I volunteer
[Tue 12:00:01] <amigus>	Privacy is control; the idea that we should not have cross-domain identifiers because it's bad for privacy is wrong-headed. Rather, allowing the user to establish identifiers and correlate them however they like (which we do) is privacy.
[Tue 11:56:04] <manu>	+1 to what amigus just said!
[Tue 11:57:10] <ottonomy>	I volunteer
[Tue 11:57:19] <dlongley>	my view is that the main concern from the objectors is that they think users will be unaware that their privacy is being compromised ... that what they expect they are sharing with others won't be the same as what they actually are sharing with others (i.e. they will be sharing more).
[Tue 11:57:36] <nage>	Evernym has made progress around these privacy issues and has things to say as well
[Tue 11:57:44] <manu>	Here are the privacy issues that we're tracking right now: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aprivacy
[Tue 11:58:16] <MattLarson>	manu: if you have volunteered if you can assign yourself one of these ^ . Start with one.
[Tue 11:58:54] <manu>	I see the following volunteers for privacy issue documentation: Adrian Gropper, Nate Otto, Nathan George, Christopher Allen, Manu Sporny.
[Tue 11:58:54] <nage>	q+
[Tue 11:58:54] <voip-vctf>	nage has been added to the queue: nage
[Tue 11:59:01] <burn>	ack nage
[Tue 11:59:01] <voip-vctf>	nage has the floor.
[Tue 11:59:12] <MattLarson>	ChristopherA: If you are getting ready to code. Get in touch.
[Tue 11:59:18] <jonnycrunch>	When is the rebooting the web of trust in Paris?  and what other conference is happening that week?
[Tue 11:59:40] <manu>	Here's the link to RWoT - http://www.weboftrust.info/next-event-page.html
[Tue 11:59:42] <MattLarson>	ChristopherA: april 21-23
[Tue 12:00:25] <MattLarson>	Present+ Tibbetts, longley, sporny, kellogg, lehn, nage, burn, trainer, lake, jonnycrunch, larson, migus, andrieu, christophera, dezell, Otto, korb
