[Tue 12:07:51] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Dec/0002.html
[Tue 12:07:51] <manu>	scribe: manu
[Tue 12:07:54] <manu>	Topic: Agenda Review
[Tue 12:08:08] <ChristopherA>	q+ (additional agenda item)
[Tue 12:08:08] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 12:08:14] *	kimhd feedback check
[Tue 12:08:20] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: Announcements, Intros, Action Items, Work Items, DID Discussion
[Tue 12:08:26] *	cwebber2 is muted!
[Tue 12:08:29] <JoeAndrieu>	q?
[Tue 12:08:29] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA
[Tue 12:08:32] <kimhd>	voip: 1c8 is rgrant
[Tue 12:08:32] <voip-ccg>	Associated rgrant with SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c8.
[Tue 12:08:34] *	achughes (~achughes@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:08:34] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 12:08:34] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has the floor ((additional agenda item)).
[Tue 12:08:43] *	adam (~adam@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:08:56] <kimhd>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:08:56] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: 19283808156 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001b8], JoeAndrieu [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001b9], David Lehn [SIP/6003-000001bb], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000001bd], squarfed [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001bc], Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001be], kimhd [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001bf], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000001c0], TallTed [SIP/10.0.0.140-000001c4], Thomas [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c2], MarkMiller [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c3], ZachLarson
[Tue 12:08:56] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c6], rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c8], suedonym [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c7], agropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c9], Heather Vescent [SIP/66.27.176.106-000001ca], ChrisWebber [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001cc], ChristianLundkvist [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001cd], mosesma [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001ce], 14084548956 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001cf], jungly [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001d1], Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001d2].
[Tue 12:09:07] <manu>	ChristopherA: A couple of items have come up from the VCWG status registry - to be handled as work item for CCG... just wanted to have Manu do a 3 minute thing to intro the topic to everyone... 
[Tue 12:09:28] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: Why don't we do that just before the DID discussion?
[Tue 12:09:31] *	kimhd moses -- I'll try to switch to linphone, one sec
[Tue 12:09:32] <manu>	ChristopherA: Sounds good.
[Tue 12:09:35] <manu>	Topic: Announcements
[Tue 12:10:05] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: With work that Manu has done and DID reconcilation - we should have that on the docket soon... next week.
[Tue 12:10:25] <manu>	ChristopherA: Yes, there will be some discussion on what remains, what needs to be settled... I think that's basically the idea... We don't know where/if they conflict.
[Tue 12:10:33] *	kimhd oops, is Manu default scribing? do we want to get someone else?
[Tue 12:10:37] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: We'll pull the work from there and work on it here...
[Tue 12:10:42] *	manu is default scribing.
[Tue 12:10:42] *	dlongley yes, manu is default scribing :)
[Tue 12:11:12] *	kimhd Manu, I can switch to be default scribe in 5 minutes :)
[Tue 12:11:24] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: Next week - we'll share 2018 planning... coming from Chairs... what we're thinking of doing and feedbakc/input from community. We'll not have meetings on 26th Dec 2017 or Jan 2nd 2018. First meeting of next year will be Jan 9th.
[Tue 12:11:28] <JoeAndrieu>	q?
[Tue 12:11:28] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:11:40] <ChristianLundkvist>	q?
[Tue 12:11:40] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:11:41] *	manu fine to scribe for a bit kimhd... until I have to talk.
[Tue 12:11:51] <ChristopherA>	+1
[Tue 12:11:59] <ChristopherA>	Do we have any new folk?
[Tue 12:12:02] *	manu Lionel mosesma -- you will have to use SIP to dial in...  if you can.
[Tue 12:12:15] <manu>	Topic: Introductions
[Tue 12:13:11] <manu>	thay: My name is Thomas Hay, I work at Consensys, interested in identity particularly with applications related to education and education claims... come from background of education in K-12 schools - now working on ways to improve how we attest education credentials.
[Tue 12:13:16] *	manu first.
[Tue 12:13:26] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: Welcome to the Credentials CG :)
[Tue 12:13:29] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: 1c2 is ThomasHay
[Tue 12:13:29] <voip-ccg>	Associated ThomasHay with SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c2.
[Tue 12:13:40] *	manu missed the name
[Tue 12:13:49] <Lionel>	Manu: I am calling from my cell phone and skype out, as usual; no answer today. Any advice?
[Tue 12:14:53] <manu>	akila: Hi my name is Akila Natarajan, I work with Thomas Hay - come from background - work for Oracle building oracle products - founded product in EdX space, then moved on to Consensys - worked in identity space and education, that's where my interest is... work with Tom at Consensys - building product issues claims in education space and use identity/claims to do more education/attestations... first meeting.
[Tue 12:15:00] *	cwebber2 could drop out of the call, but they didn't have success making it on via SIP this time
[Tue 12:15:07] *	dlongley akila
[Tue 12:15:11] *	cwebber2 I'm not sure I as urgently need to be on this one
[Tue 12:15:24] *	manu Lionel -- dlongley cwebber2 -- can someone help Lionel?
[Tue 12:15:24] *	dlongley Akila Natarajan
[Tue 12:15:38] *	cwebber2 I'll drop out and go IRC only
[Tue 12:15:46] *	cwebber2 done
[Tue 12:15:50] *	kimhd I'm trying the same
[Tue 12:15:55] *	dlongley lionel ^ you should be able to connect now
[Tue 12:16:06] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[Tue 12:16:06] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: 19283808156 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001b8], JoeAndrieu [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001b9], David Lehn [SIP/6003-000001bb], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000001bd], squarfed [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001bc], Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001be], kimhd [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001bf], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000001c0], TallTed [SIP/10.0.0.140-000001c4], ThomasHay [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c2], MarkMiller [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c3], ZachLarson
[Tue 12:16:06] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c6], rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c8], suedonym [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c7], agropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c9], Heather Vescent [SIP/66.27.176.106-000001ca], ChrisWebber [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001cc], ChristianLundkvist [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001cd], mosesma [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001ce], 14084548956 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001cf], jungly [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001d1], Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001d2].
[Tue 12:16:16] <manu>	MikeXu: I work with Tom and Akila on the Consensys Academy team - full stack developer - I had worked at IBM Watson Health as full stack developer... now work at Consensys Academy.
[Tue 12:16:21] *	cwebber2 Lionel: I try to dial via Linphone but it doesn't always work, and when it doesn't I call via the conference bridge
[Tue 12:16:23] *	dlongley moses you're listed as being connected ... are you?
[Tue 12:16:31] <kimhd>	scribe: kimhd
[Tue 12:16:35] <squarfed>	+1 DID hackaton
[Tue 12:16:42] <manu>	DID Spec updates -- https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Dec/0004.html
[Tue 12:16:50] *	dlongley we can potentially disconnect mosesma if not, could be an erroneous entry
[Tue 12:16:52] *	squarfed has quit ("leaving")
[Tue 12:16:56] <kimhd>	manu: sent email to list about updates. working on post-RWOT updates to did spec
[Tue 12:17:01] *	squarfed (~squarfed@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:17:20] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001d8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:17:25] <squarfed>	+1 hackaton on 1/15
[Tue 12:17:25] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001d8] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:18:01] <kimhd>	...3 prs -- separating key descriptions, separating DID method registry, stab at identity language
[Tue 12:18:34] <kimhd>	...expect will be adding more changes. Manu needs to work with Chris Webber and Mark Miller about obcap related changes
[Tue 12:19:01] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001d9] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:19:03] <kimhd>	...also lots of activity around DID hardening spec
[Tue 12:19:13] <kimhd>	...should have many updates landed by xmas
[Tue 12:19:17] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001d9] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:19:18] *	dlongley Lionel, that appears to be the case ... i'm trying to see if we have any spots that aren't actually being used (it's guess work)
[Tue 12:19:22] <JoeAndrieu>	thanks, Kim. Let's add that explicitly to the agenda next time!
[Tue 12:19:26] <kimhd>	...that's a good time to get feedback from group
[Tue 12:20:02] <kimhd>	...give feedback via github issues and pull requests. Can comment line-by-line in PRs
[Tue 12:20:18] <kimhd>	...Manu requesting 7-day comment period on PRs
[Tue 12:20:26] *	dlongley chris webber that disconnecting behavior has been seen before with stateful firewalls that can't handle address changes in packets, dunno if that helps you at all.
[Tue 12:20:42] <ChristopherA>	Just get it into action items
[Tue 12:20:52] <kimhd>	JoeAndrieu: post objections in IRC
[Tue 12:21:13] <kimhd>	JoeAndrieu: changes look good and straightforward
[Tue 12:21:24] <kimhd>	...next: veres one spec
[Tue 12:21:51] *	cwebber2 dlongley maybe it's my router... I need to re-flash it anyway... hard to prioritize time for things like that
[Tue 12:22:02] <kimhd>	...reconciliation and virtual hackathon week of 1/5. includes BTCR, other methods, etc
[Tue 12:22:13] <kimhd>	...let us know if you want to be involved
[Tue 12:22:24] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: are we missing action items?
[Tue 12:22:27] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001da] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:22:28] <JoeAndrieu>	q?
[Tue 12:22:28] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:22:30] <voip-ccg>	David C [SIP/truetrust.onsip.com-000001db] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:22:42] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001dc] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:22:42] *	dlongley Lionel, maybe try onsip.com ?
[Tue 12:22:50] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001dc] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:22:54] <voip-ccg>	Paul Simmonds [SIP/drovecrest.dtdns.net-000001dd] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:22:54] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001da] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:23:13] <kimhd>	manu: general action item around registries. This group has to accept >=3 or 4 new work items for things to be smooth with DID spec progress.
[Tue 12:23:20] <voip-ccg>	Paul Simmonds [SIP/drovecrest.dtdns.net-000001dd] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:23:34] <kimhd>	....VC status checking, key descriptions, and something else I missed
[Tue 12:23:51] <kimhd>	JoeAndrieu: how to proceed?
[Tue 12:23:53] <voip-ccg>	14155694979 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001de] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:23:56] *	dlongley does someone here other than mosesma have a 510 area code? ... i'm going to disconnect that line to let Lionel connect if it's not actually being used
[Tue 12:24:07] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[Tue 12:24:07] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: 19283808156 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001b8], JoeAndrieu [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001b9], David Lehn [SIP/6003-000001bb], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000001bd], squarfed [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001bc], Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001be], kimhd [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001bf], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000001c0], TallTed [SIP/10.0.0.140-000001c4], ThomasHay [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c2], MarkMiller [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c3], ZachLarson
[Tue 12:24:07] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c6], rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c8], suedonym [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c7], agropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c9], Heather Vescent [SIP/66.27.176.106-000001ca], ChrisWebber [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001cc], ChristianLundkvist [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001cd], mosesma [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001ce], 14084548956 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001cf], jungly [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001d1], Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001d2], David C
[Tue 12:24:07] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/truetrust.onsip.com-000001db], 14155694979 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001de].
[Tue 12:24:16] <kimhd>	Manu: PRs constitute a proposal. OBject to the PR if you disagree with informal registries
[Tue 12:24:21] <mosesma>	I just called in, lines are available again. associate 415
[Tue 12:24:26] <kimhd>	JoeAndrieu: feedback by next week
[Tue 12:24:34] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: 1de is MosesMa
[Tue 12:24:35] <voip-ccg>	Associated MosesMa with SIP/69.65.34.216-000001de.
[Tue 12:24:45] *	kimhd (redacted) Manu argues with self
[Tue 12:25:09] *	manu W3C minutes are full of me arguing w/ myself....
[Tue 12:25:14] *	Lionel has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:25:17] <JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/vc-lifecycle https://w3c-ccg.github.io/vc-lifecycle/
[Tue 12:25:19] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: 1ce is 15109081066
[Tue 12:25:19] <voip-ccg>	Associated 15109081066 with SIP/69.65.34.216-000001ce.
[Tue 12:25:23] <kimhd>	JoeAndrieu: lifecycle has been posted as repo
[Tue 12:25:39] <DavidC>	q+
[Tue 12:25:39] <voip-ccg>	DavidC has been added to the queue: DavidC
[Tue 12:25:47] <kimhd>	...there is good content we can fold into various specs
[Tue 12:26:09] <kimhd>	...engagement model work item needs to be folded in, hopefully early Jan
[Tue 12:26:24] <JoeAndrieu>	q?
[Tue 12:26:24] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: DavidC
[Tue 12:26:30] <JoeAndrieu>	ack DavidC
[Tue 12:26:30] <voip-ccg>	DavidC has the floor.
[Tue 12:26:50] *	manu yay!
[Tue 12:27:03] <voip-ccg>	Lionel Wolb [SIP/lwolberg.onsip.com-000001df] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:27:30] <dlongley>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/credential-handler-api/issues
[Tue 12:27:42] <dlongley>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/credential-handler-api/issues/5
[Tue 12:28:17] <kimhd>	dlongley: VC polyfill and browser api. check out issues, give feedback. Kim should give feedback re BTCR impact
[Tue 12:28:48] <kimhd>	lionel: Data Min and Selective Disclosure: not much progress
[Tue 12:29:04] <kimhd>	...Sovrin restarting contribution
[Tue 12:29:30] <kimhd>	...will try to have progress for next week
[Tue 12:29:46] *	kimhd (redacted) but afraid of commitment
[Tue 12:29:47] <ChristopherA>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LeC0YNVMcAy_2MWrlKLw8i2WSxEaUEvUMxz8UdYC87U/edit?usp=sharing
[Tue 12:30:07] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: documenting work items
[Tue 12:30:08] <manu>	Topic: W3C CCG Process Document
[Tue 12:30:52] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: community process is new; doesn't really match other W3C styles. There has been call for more formality around CG process
[Tue 12:31:41] <kimhd>	...RWoT has lower standard, doesn't require consent from all members.
[Tue 12:31:48] <kimhd>	...Refer to document
[Tue 12:33:12] <voip-ccg>	Lionel Wolb [SIP/lwolberg.onsip.com-000001df] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:33:34] <voip-ccg>	Lionel Wolb [SIP/lwolberg.onsip.com-000001e0] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:33:51] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: tentative process is documented in "work process" bulletpoint
[Tue 12:34:01] <voip-ccg>	Lionel Wolb [SIP/lwolberg.onsip.com-000001e0] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:34:26] <voip-ccg>	Lionel Wolb [SIP/lwolberg.onsip.com-000001e1] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:36:01] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 12:36:02] <voip-ccg>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:36:47] <kimhd>	...2 special things: 1. We tend to do specs, but some may be more summary/survey docs (e.g. self sov id, data min, ...)
[Tue 12:37:02] <kimhd>	...no formal difference in process, but we may want to consider
[Tue 12:37:31] <kimhd>	...2. Rebooting is open source, but for these specs everyone needs to be members of this group
[Tue 12:37:56] <kimhd>	...This is important because we don't have IPR signed from some parties
[Tue 12:38:37] <kimhd>	...some specs may not require IPR, but ones that detail a technical process could be problematic
[Tue 12:38:51] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:38:51] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:38:57] *	mike_xu (~mike_xu@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:39:02] <mosesma>	q+
[Tue 12:39:02] <voip-ccg>	mosesma has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu, mosesma
[Tue 12:39:26] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: Joe wanted to talk about IPR aspects. Also Manu did
[Tue 12:39:29] <manu>	q+ to talk about IPR
[Tue 12:39:29] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu, mosesma, manu
[Tue 12:39:32] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:39:32] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu, mosesma, manu
[Tue 12:39:36] <ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:39:36] <voip-ccg>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 12:39:44] <ChristopherA>	ack mosesma
[Tue 12:39:44] <voip-ccg>	mosesma has the floor.
[Tue 12:39:46] <manu>	q+ JoeAndrieu 
[Tue 12:39:46] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:40:04] <kimhd>	Mosesma: new project he wants input on
[Tue 12:40:08] <manu>	q+ mosesma
[Tue 12:40:08] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, JoeAndrieu, mosesma
[Tue 12:40:15] <ChristopherA>	ack manu
[Tue 12:40:15] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to talk about IPR).
[Tue 12:40:19] <voip-ccg>	18057058651 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001e2] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:40:22] <mosesma>	q-
[Tue 12:40:22] <voip-ccg>	mosesma has been removed from the queue: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:40:38] <kimhd>	Topic: W3C Intellectual Property Requirements & our CG Process
[Tue 12:40:38] <voip-ccg>	18057058651 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001e2] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:40:43] <ChristopherA>	https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/participants
[Tue 12:40:55] <kimhd>	manu: We cannot accept contributions from people who haven't signed IPR
[Tue 12:41:27] <kimhd>	manu: some joining DID discussion have not signed IP release
[Tue 12:41:50] <kimhd>	manu: We cannot accept contributions from people who haven't signed IPR
[Tue 12:42:11] <kimhd>	...if your name / company name doesn't show up in this list, you need to sign https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/participants
[Tue 12:42:25] <kimhd>	...other IPRs to follow as we move to WG, etc
[Tue 12:42:54] <voip-ccg>	18057058651 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001e3] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:43:03] *	JoeAndrieu has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:43:23] <kimhd>	...especially as it moves to international standard, this IP history must be clean
[Tue 12:43:41] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: any questions?
[Tue 12:43:44] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:43:44] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:44:06] <kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:44:06] <voip-ccg>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 12:44:17] <voip-ccg>	18057058651 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001e3] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:44:39] *	kimhd Joe?
[Tue 12:45:00] <kimhd>	Topic: CCG Registries
[Tue 12:45:01] *	stonematt has quit (Client closed connection)
[Tue 12:45:20] <kimhd>	christophera: CCGs have persistence that WGs do not. Also lower level of requirements
[Tue 12:45:25] *	stonematt (~stonematt@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:45:34] <kimhd>	...makes sense that long term maintenance can be CG
[Tue 12:45:45] <kimhd>	Manu: Examples of registries...
[Tue 12:45:50] <manu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/vc-status-registry/
[Tue 12:46:04] <kimhd>	...Verifiable Claims status registry: https://w3c-ccg.github.io/vc-status-registry/
[Tue 12:46:10] <voip-ccg>	18057058651 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001e4] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:46:11] <ChristopherA>	non-normative
[Tue 12:46:13] <kimhd>	...registries are informal -- not official
[Tue 12:46:13] <ChristopherA>	?
[Tue 12:46:19] <kimhd>	...no w3c signoff
[Tue 12:46:35] <kimhd>	...registries are community controlled. low barrier to entry
[Tue 12:47:09] <kimhd>	...in the future, we may say entries must pass a test suite. but since the test suites don't exist now, no such requirements
[Tue 12:47:40] <kimhd>	...3 registry examples are: DID method specs, VC status, and Key registry
[Tue 12:48:10] <voip-ccg>	18057058651 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001e4] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:48:11] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: some have lower standard than "no principled objections"; some may have higher standard
[Tue 12:48:13] <manu>	DID Method Registry - https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/blob/msporny-methods/did-methods.html
[Tue 12:48:21] <manu>	LD Key Registry - https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/blob/msporny-ldkeys/ld-keys.html
[Tue 12:48:30] *	kimhd e.g. blockchain kitties is perfectly valid
[Tue 12:48:54] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: need a process for registry
[Tue 12:49:01] <ChristopherA>	action: Manu to document process for registries
[Tue 12:49:18] <ChristopherA>	action: CG to adopt Manu's list of registries as work items
[Tue 12:49:21] <voip-ccg>	18057058651 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001e6] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:50:09] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: we need a proposal for generic registries, process for acceptance, longevity.
[Tue 12:50:24] <kimhd>	...then we would accept Manu's example as work items
[Tue 12:50:55] <kimhd>	Manu: concerned that may be too heavyweight. Let's just say they are community maintained. Update process is PRs
[Tue 12:51:21] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: put it in writing
[Tue 12:51:32] <rgrant>	q+ what is a Credential status list?  Is it a list of credentials?  Is it a list of possible statuses?
[Tue 12:51:32] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been added to the queue: rgrant
[Tue 12:52:10] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:52:10] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: rgrant
[Tue 12:52:17] <manu>	q+
[Tue 12:52:17] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: rgrant, manu
[Tue 12:52:19] <kimhd>	rgrant: what is a credential status list?
[Tue 12:52:19] <ChristopherA>	ack rgrant
[Tue 12:52:20] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has the floor (what is a Credential status list?  Is it a list of credentials?  Is it a list of possible statuses?).
[Tue 12:52:33] <voip-ccg>	Lionel Wolb [SIP/lwolberg.onsip.com-000001e1] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:52:44] <voip-ccg>	Lionel Wolb [SIP/lwolberg.onsip.com-000001e7] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:52:54] <kimhd>	Manu: we need to understand how to do repudiation (revoke or spend)
[Tue 12:53:06] <voip-ccg>	Lionel Wolb [SIP/lwolberg.onsip.com-000001e8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:53:06] <dlongley>	s/spend/suspend/
[Tue 12:53:11] <voip-ccg>	Lionel Wolb [SIP/lwolberg.onsip.com-000001e7] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:53:15] <rgrant>	i thought this was handled via requiring fresh nonces?
[Tue 12:53:24] <kimhd>	...need mechanism for issuer to invalidate statement
[Tue 12:53:28] <voip-ccg>	Lionel Wolb [SIP/lwolberg.onsip.com-000001e9] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:53:32] *	kimhd thanks Dave, I was wondering
[Tue 12:53:33] <voip-ccg>	Lionel Wolb [SIP/lwolberg.onsip.com-000001e8] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:53:43] <voip-ccg>	Lionel Wolb [SIP/lwolberg.onsip.com-000001ea] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:53:55] <voip-ccg>	Lionel Wolb [SIP/lwolberg.onsip.com-000001e9] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:53:56] <kimhd>	manu: 2 mechanisms: 1. cred status list, 2. published on blockchain
[Tue 12:54:10] <voip-ccg>	Lionel Wolb [SIP/lwolberg.onsip.com-000001ea] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:54:12] <kimhd>	...registry says all different ways to talk about credential status
[Tue 12:54:14] <squarfed>	1. is centralised?
[Tue 12:54:46] <kimhd>	manu: not just vocab. Also allows me to say "these are the creds I have revoked or suspended" as an issuer
[Tue 12:54:48] <rgrant>	is it trying to define both schema and particular revocations?
[Tue 12:55:01] saranix simmondp Sophia squarfed stonematt suedonym 
[Tue 12:55:18] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: edu institution may have different requirements
[Tue 12:55:20] *	manu has to drop, customer call.
[Tue 12:55:29] <voip-ccg>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000001c0] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:56:15] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: in VCWG can't specify business processes; easier to happen in CG
[Tue 12:56:21] *	heathervescent has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:56:23] <voip-ccg>	Heather Vescent [SIP/66.27.176.106-000001ca] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:56:45] *	simmondp has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:57:13] <rgrant>	i order to use verifiable claims, do i need to check all these registries?
[Tue 12:57:13] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: allowing communities to describe how they are doing it. what methods, etc
[Tue 12:57:25] <kimhd>	...we're not approving, just describing
[Tue 12:57:38] <rgrant>	okay, so easy way to get started
[Tue 12:57:44] <kimhd>	...doesn't require level of review that WG requires
[Tue 12:57:50] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:57:50] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:57:53] <kimhd>	ack manu
[Tue 12:57:54] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor.
[Tue 12:57:58] *	kimhd he is gone
[Tue 12:58:11] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:58:11] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:59:13] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[Tue 12:59:13] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: 19283808156 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001b8], JoeAndrieu [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001b9], David Lehn [SIP/6003-000001bb], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000001bd], squarfed [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001bc], Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001be], kimhd [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001bf], TallTed [SIP/10.0.0.140-000001c4], ThomasHay [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c2], MarkMiller [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c3], ZachLarson [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c6],
[Tue 12:59:13] <voip-ccg>	rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c8], suedonym [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c7], agropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c9], ChrisWebber [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001cc], ChristianLundkvist [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001cd], 15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001ce], 14084548956 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001cf], jungly [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001d1], Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001d2], David C [SIP/truetrust.onsip.com-000001db], MosesMa [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001de],
[Tue 12:59:13] <voip-ccg>	18057058651 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001e6].
[Tue 12:59:33] *	dlongley was Chris able to rejoin the call?
[Tue 12:59:37] <kimhd>	sophia: curious to hear status of object cap
[Tue 13:00:03] <kimhd>	ChristopherA: this is a reasonable request for next week
[Tue 13:00:10] <ChristopherA>	Add to agenda, status of ocap and next steps
[Tue 13:00:18] *	stonematt has quit ("Leaving...")
[Tue 13:00:51] <kimhd>	...can make discussion requests on discussion list
[Tue 13:00:52] <ChristopherA>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/
[Tue 13:01:12] <kimhd>	...https://w3c-ccg.github.io/ has info about how to join, contact, etc
[Tue 13:01:17] <kimhd>	....next week is mostly DID
[Tue 13:01:17] <manu>	Present: andrieu, lehn, longley, squarfed, webber, kimhd, tallted, thay, miller, sophia, rgrant, suedonym, agropper, lundkvist, stone, davidc, mosesma, ahughes, lionel, mikexu, akila
