[Tue 11:06:59] <bsletten>	scribe: bsletten
[Tue 11:06:59] <bsletten>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Oct/0000.html
[Tue 11:06:59] <bsletten>	Manu: Short call today. We're just reviewing the survey. Talking about outreach and do some demos next week.
[Tue 11:07:02] <manu>	Topic: Current state of Credentials Survey
[Tue 11:07:08] <manu>	http://manu.sporny.org/tmp/2015-10-05-Compelling-Credential-Use-Cases.html
[Tue 11:07:28] <voip-cr>	Nate Otto [SIP/192.168.1.102-00000149] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:39] <voip-cr>	Nate Otto [SIP/192.168.1.102-00000149] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:07:43] <voip-cr>	16097341186 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000014a] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:44] *	NateOtto (47edaa31@gateway/web/freenode/ip.71.237.170.49) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:08:24] <voip-cr>	Nate Otto [SIP/192.168.1.102-0000014b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:08:24] <bsletten>	Manu: We have reached out to 50-60 organizations. We have gotten responses back from 28 of them so far. Not fantastic, but not terrible. The Credentials folks have gotten the highest response rate compared to the rest of the web payments groups. We'd like to get 40 though.
[Tue 11:08:26] <manu>	voip: 14a is RichardVarn
[Tue 11:08:27] <voip-cr>	Associated RichardVarn with SIP/69.71.222.196-0000014a.
[Tue 11:08:32] *	manu http://manu.sporny.org/tmp/2015-10-05-Compelling-Credential-Use-Cases.html
[Tue 11:08:35] <voip-cr>	Nate Otto [SIP/192.168.1.102-0000014b] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:08:48] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.110-0000014c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:33] <bsletten>	Manu: I have tried to blind a lot of the information here so that when organizations talk about themselves. The Use Cases are generic enough so you can't tell who submitted them.
[Tue 11:09:38] <voip-cr>	Nate Otto [SIP/192.168.1.102-0000014d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:44] <NateOtto>	Switched computers... sip trouble, pardon my connect/disconnect
[Tue 11:09:49] <voip-cr>	Nate Otto [SIP/192.168.1.102-0000014d] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:10:08] <bsletten>	Manu: Does anyone have any questions about the data or what the survey is trying to do?
[Tue 11:10:15] *	LFowler has quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)
[Tue 11:10:25] <bsletten>	Manu: We have education, two health care organizations and a number of financial services companies.
[Tue 11:10:52] <bsletten>	Manu: We wanted good representation from three industries. There is more to do, but we are good on this breadth.
[Tue 11:11:30] *	NateOtto has quit (Client Quit)
[Tue 11:11:55] *	NateOtto (~textual@c-71-237-170-49.hsd1.or.comcast.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:12:44] <voip-cr>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000014e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:12:47] <bsletten>	Manu: The first few questions have good answers. Not surprising. Good to have them documented.
[Tue 11:13:20] <bsletten>	Manu: We will share the data with W3C members, but not with others.
[Tue 11:13:58] <bsletten>	Manu: On question 7, we asked what kind of credentialing capabilities does the organization this are valuable (issuing, requesting, verifying, storing...)
[Tue 11:14:33] <bsletten>	Manu: We are above 75% for every feature mentioned except storing them which is 61%.
[Tue 11:15:04] <bsletten>	Manu: Any questions on the feedback for 7?
[Tue 11:15:32] <bsletten>	Stone: What were the items in 'Other'?
[Tue 11:17:00] <bsletten>	Manu: Let me look at the live data... I have to go through every single line item here. I'm not seeing anything pop out now. One of them was 'embedding business rules' in the credentials themselves. Not sure what that means. Where it can be used, who is allowed to receive it. Another one was a uniform description of credentials for comparison purposes.
[Tue 11:17:17] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-0000014f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:17:28] <bsletten>	Stone: I think that idea would be managed in the vertical.
[Tue 11:17:56] <bsletten>	Stone: If we're trying to say a security credential in one industry is comparable to another one is a good next step.
[Tue 11:18:05] <bsletten>	Manu: I think Badge Alliance is doing some of that.
[Tue 11:18:18] <NateOtto>	Yep, BA wants to have our niche be to define what types of fields are defined for educational credentials
[Tue 11:18:56] <bsletten>	Manu: The last one is a misunderstanding of what was being asked. They were asked to choose one thing to focus on. Another was "I don't know" for 'Other'.
[Tue 11:19:03] <bsletten>	Manu: Any other questions?
[Tue 11:19:54] <bsletten>	Manu: Question 8 then is what do you use today to achieve your credentialing needs. The responses were low here. Now that we know that 'Other' isn't very well represented here, we'll try to get it sorted in the final data set.
[Tue 11:21:53] <bsletten>	Manu: The reason this was in the questionnaire is the certain parties were asserting that all of the technologies exist but people don't know about them. These answers were good. They show that these companies know about SAML, OpenID Connect, OAuth, etc. but they still don't think they solve all of the problems. There was a single respondent who said these things solved their own home-grown solution but admitted it wasn't a sta
[Tue 11:22:17] <bsletten>	Manu: Many of these organizations indicated that some of their needs were met by SAML and OpenID but certainly none of the advanced use cases.
[Tue 11:22:48] <bsletten>	Manu: The most used technology for transmitting credentials is email and downloading PDFs.
[Tue 11:23:33] *	paroneayea reading the summary but not in the meeting
[Tue 11:24:36] <bsletten>	Manu: There's mixed news here, there were a number of organizations who responded "I Don't Know" if these technologies answered their credential needs. A number of these answers during follow up indicated that they weren't solved problems in their organizations.
[Tue 11:26:37] <bsletten>	Manu: Question 10 was "What are the limitations of current solutions?" Verification is too complicated, there is no context around the identity or the credentials. They are fragile, hard to create, lack longevity. Organizational information isn't there. Cloud-based solutions won't work for perimeter-based security in place inside Don't work in open ecosystems. They are not user controlled. The list goes on.
[Tue 11:26:44] <bsletten>	Manu: It's a great list.
[Tue 11:28:24] *	bblfish (~bblfish@cpc2-popl3-2-0-cust563.13-2.cable.virginm.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:28:37] <bsletten>	Manu: The final question was if they would participate in a W3C effort to standardize credentials. Many said they aren't staffed to support standards work if they weren't already members. They supported it, but many don't have staff.
[Tue 11:29:43] <bsletten>	Topic: Survey Outreach
[Tue 11:29:43] <bsletten>	Manu: We are at 29 responses. Another came in while we were on the call. I am putting together the data for next week. It is due on Monday. Please reach out to anyone if you know they haven't responded.
[Tue 11:29:57] <bsletten>	Manu: Any other questions?
[Tue 11:30:22] <manu>	Topic: Upcoming Demos
[Tue 11:30:47] <bsletten>	Manu: We're hoping to get some public demos out to show the workflow.
[Tue 11:31:57] <bsletten>	Manu: We're going to focusing on payments, drivers license, passport, etc. We're hoping to have some educational ones.
[Tue 11:32:34] <StuartSutton>	+1 on demos…They’s help me
[Tue 11:32:54] *	bblfish has quit (Ping timeout: 244 seconds)
[Tue 11:33:15] <manu>	topic: Lumina Meeting Review
[Tue 11:35:01] <manu>	Richard: It was a good meeting. We were able to get Parchment, ETS, and a few others to suggest support of the W3C work. That was one of the outcomes, so that was good.
[Tue 11:35:01] <manu>	scribe: dlongley
[Tue 11:34:36] <dlongley>	Richard: The other person that talked to me afterwards, mostly about machine readable and machine-automated stuff. I had one person to follow up with and we should figure out how to respond to him.
[Tue 11:34:52] <dlongley>	Richard: I think the interests of our group were represented well.
[Tue 11:35:25] <NateOtto>	I've got an additional contact at New America if you'd like
[Tue 11:35:41] <NateOtto>	Though the one you have is the right person to talk to
[Tue 11:37:31] <dlongley>	manu: Were there any thought leaders that seemed like they were pretty far ahead that we're not collaborating with already?
[Tue 11:38:12] <dlongley>	Richard: Technologically, no. There were a lot of people from various business areas, users, producers, aggregators, vendors, etc. Good collection of smart people who want to see credentials work for a variety of purposes. Not a lot of tech people though, no.
[Tue 11:38:50] <dlongley>	manu: I don't know if you have an email list, but it would be good to reach out to them and put together their use cases. If we've got 108 initiatives clearly they've got use cases behind them... getting them to fill out the survey would be an easy thing we can do while we wait for a WG to get started at W3C.
[Tue 11:39:08] <dlongley>	Richard: They did give us an attendees list which I can forward to you.
[Tue 11:39:11] <dlongley>	manu: Great.
[Tue 11:39:19] <dlongley>	Richard: I can forward the landscape survey as well.
[Tue 11:39:32] <dlongley>	Richard: By the volume alone that can be presented to W3C whether or not they are already at the table.
[Tue 11:39:46] <dlongley>	Richard: I didn't get participant names from this but you can see who is there.
[Tue 11:39:52] <dlongley>	manu: Are there people's names or just orgs?
[Tue 11:39:56] <dlongley>	Richard: No names, unfortunately.
[Tue 11:40:03] <dlongley>	manu: It would be good to figure out if we can get a contact list or something like that.
[Tue 11:40:33] <dlongley>	Richard: I think if we're going to reach out to them they can shepherd a response .. .we can send the survey to them and they can send it out to all attendees.
[Tue 11:40:39] <dlongley>	manu: Do you have the person we need to send that to?
[Tue 11:40:52] <dlongley>	Richard: I'll get the person's name leading the discussion/running the meetings.
[Tue 11:41:04] *	bblfish (~bblfish@cpc2-popl3-2-0-cust563.13-2.cable.virginm.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:41:07] <dlongley>	Richard: Ok, I'll have to dig it up.
[Tue 11:41:12] <dlongley>	manu: Yeah, if you can send it to me that would be great.
[Tue 11:41:23] <dlongley>	Richard: I do have a contact list in paper form, I'll scan this to you.
[Tue 11:41:36] <dlongley>	manu: I think you're right, contacting the Lumina Foundation and having them send out the request would be the best approach.
[Tue 11:41:42] <dlongley>	Richard: I'll get this to you.
[Tue 11:41:53] <dlongley>	manu: Thanks again for doing all that, Richard. Anything else on the Lumina Foundation?
[Tue 11:41:58] <dlongley>	nothing
[Tue 11:42:17] <dlongley>	manu: We'll try to get around to doing demos next week. I expect that will trigger more technical related discussion next week.
[Tue 11:42:25] <dlongley>	manu: We'll likely skim it at the surface level.
[Tue 11:42:25] <dlongley>	Present+ john, stone, rob, eric, taaz, laura
