
[2018-06-26T16:02:06.764Z]	<lparker>	present+
[2018-06-26T16:02:12.133Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2018-06-26T16:02:20.615Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2018-06-26T16:02:25.452Z]	<kimhd>	present+ chrisb
[2018-06-26T16:02:31.366Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2018-06-26T16:02:31.523Z]	<jungly>	present+ kulpreet
[2018-06-26T16:02:45.426Z]	<kimhd>	AGENDA: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Jun/0143.html
[2018-06-26T16:03:09.687Z]	<drabiv>	present+
[2018-06-26T16:03:15.314Z]	<rgrant>	voip-ccg: connections
[2018-06-26T16:03:21.609Z]	<kimhd>	voip: connections?
[2018-06-26T16:03:21.754Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2018-06-26T16:03:31.700Z]	<rgrant>	voip-ccg: 127 is rgrant
[2018-06-26T16:03:39.547Z]	<kimhd>	voip: 129 is christophera
[2018-06-26T16:03:46.165Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2018-06-26T16:03:55.083Z]	<manu>	present+
[2018-06-26T16:03:56.833Z]	<kimhd>	voip: connections?
[2018-06-26T16:04:13.189Z]	<kimhd>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LkqZ10z7FeV3EgMIQEJ9achEYMzy1d_2S90Q_lQ0y8M/edit?usp=sharing
[2018-06-26T16:06:04.265Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ Joe_Andrieu
[2018-06-26T16:06:16.284Z]	<manu>	scribe: manu
[2018-06-26T16:06:16.384Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	voip: 134 is JoeAndrieu
[2018-06-26T16:06:42.382Z]	<manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Jun/0143.html
[2018-06-26T16:06:46.181Z]	<manu>	Topic: Introductions
[2018-06-26T16:06:54.253Z]	<manu>	Simon: Hi, Simon from uPort, first time on this call.
[2018-06-26T16:07:25.378Z]	<simonas> Karuzas
[2018-06-26T16:08:20.467Z]	<manu> jungly: Working on Clue... been lurking, doing some DID integration in the CLU protocol... Go implementation of BTCR, any help would be appreciated.
[2018-06-26T16:09:02.566Z]	<manu>	Topic: Agenda Review
[2018-06-26T16:09:17.324Z]	<manu>	Agenda is here - https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Jun/0143.html
[2018-06-26T16:09:30.313Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Announcements & Reminders
[2018-06-26T16:09:58.279Z]	<manu>	kimhd: We will have the summer BTCR outreach, July the 16th - have an action to send out an initial planning meeting for that... where are people with their implementations?
[2018-06-26T16:10:21.999Z]	<drabiv>	voip: 137 is drabiv
[2018-06-26T16:10:25.269Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Next is MyData in Helsinki - August 29th-31st, no DID panel, but quite a few people from CCG giving talks on various aspects of DIDs.
[2018-06-26T16:10:40.777Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Next RWoT VII - we think it will be week of Sept. 24th in Toronto.
[2018-06-26T16:10:49.674Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ about RWOT
[2018-06-26T16:10:59.458Z]	<sam>	Have we tried Ryerson re: Toronto?
[2018-06-26T16:11:00.984Z]	<kimhd>	TPAC: https://www.w3.org/2018/10/TPAC/
[2018-06-26T16:11:01.979Z]	<manu>	kimhd: TPAC is October 23rd-25th, Mountain View - early bird discounts open now
[2018-06-26T16:11:09.518Z]	<dmitriz>	tpac is opposite of IIW, huh? :(
[2018-06-26T16:11:11.217Z]	<manu>	kimhd: IIW is at the same time as TPAC
[2018-06-26T16:11:22.308Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-06-26T16:11:27.277Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-06-26T16:11:58.470Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Dan Buchner said we do have the space... final confirmation on details today. Wanted to queue up 90 day advanced window to Manu?
[2018-06-26T16:13:09.295Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Progress on Current Action Items
[2018-06-26T16:13:13.084Z]	<manu>	manu: Yes, we'll probably not be able to coordinate w/ W3C on their workshop end of September, we're out of time.
[2018-06-26T16:13:20.414Z]	<kimhd>	recently: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+updated%3A2018-06-22
[2018-06-26T16:13:21.519Z]	<rgrant>	manu: can you point to an explainer of why participation in the vote would require travel?
[2018-06-26T16:13:44.220Z]	<manu>	rgrant: it doesn't require travel... it requires you to be a W3C member
[2018-06-26T16:14:05.983Z]	<manu>	kimhd: opencreds update, dlehn did that
[2018-06-26T16:14:09.628Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-06-26T16:14:10.035Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2018-06-26T16:14:23.069Z]	<manu>	kimhd: verifiable news - asked sandro to pick it up
[2018-06-26T16:14:25.308Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-06-26T16:14:34.877Z]	<manu>	kimhd: spec text version of registries process - updates went into both specs.
[2018-06-26T16:14:49.886Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-06-26T16:14:50.030Z]	<manu>	kimhd: mydata panel - not doing that, but having other CCG members give talks.
[2018-06-26T16:14:54.341Z]	<manu>	q- ChristopherA
[2018-06-26T16:14:55.028Z]	<manu>	q- ChristopherA
[2018-06-26T16:14:55.566Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-06-26T16:15:13.917Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Were there any documents on opencreds that aren't just historical but need to be brought forward?
[2018-06-26T16:15:14.701Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-06-26T16:15:19.895Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-06-26T16:15:32.455Z]	<drummond>	voip: 131 is drummond
[2018-06-26T16:15:33.035Z]	<manu>	https://opencreds.org/specs/
[2018-06-26T16:15:41.664Z]	<bigbluehat>	present+ Benjamin_Young
[2018-06-26T16:15:54.840Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-06-26T16:16:12.178Z]	<dlehn>	just to note, the thing i did was just to add a blurb to redirect to the new sites.  i didn't check that all old things there are on new sites.
[2018-06-26T16:16:26.535Z]	<manu>	manu: I think everything has been moved over to W3C CCG
[2018-06-26T16:16:36.190Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Sounds like W3C Workshop will be November.
[2018-06-26T16:16:50.658Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Financially, the Lyon one is expensive - how important is it if there is going to be one in November.
[2018-06-26T16:17:18.064Z]	<rgrant>	q+
[2018-06-26T16:17:26.188Z]	<tobacco>	Hi all ! I really like the generic DID scheme, is there somewhere a proposed Method scheme with Verifiable Claims maybe through the lense of smart contracts?
[2018-06-26T16:17:28.304Z]	<drummond>	Manu, can you say more about that? What do anticipate is going to be a problem?
[2018-06-26T16:20:09.274Z]	<sam>	Can you point me to the basic background of these politics you are speaking of?
[2018-06-26T16:21:17.334Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	@sam I'd be surprised if there's anything in writing.
[2018-06-26T16:21:21.463Z]	<rgrant>	rgrant: i again have a question about travel: how can remote participants in W3C express their support in a way that does not allow brigading to interrupt the work?  is it possible to incorporate online elements in a "workshop"?
[2018-06-26T16:21:26.916Z]	<kimhd>	ack rgrant
[2018-06-26T16:21:48.545Z]	<heathervescent>	I will scribe
[2018-06-26T16:22:02.445Z]	<drummond>	FYI, I can't go to Leon due to the conflict with IIW. But I could go to a workshop in November.
[2018-06-26T16:22:06.723Z]	<kimhd>	manu: where people can participate
[2018-06-26T16:22:19.595Z]	<heathervescent>	OK, will let you do it Kim.
[2018-06-26T16:22:25.355Z]	<kimhd>	...Rebooting and hackathon are open -- anyone can participate in those
[2018-06-26T16:22:34.900Z]	<kimhd>	...TPAC is specifically for W3C members
[2018-06-26T16:23:02.559Z]	<kimhd>	...Not worth the expense if you are not a member, but there is remote participation (Similar to this)
[2018-06-26T16:23:24.394Z]	<kimhd>	...w3c workshops: we try hard to have remote access and allow input. They tend to be open, but tend to limit some attendees
[2018-06-26T16:23:47.100Z]	<kimhd>	...e.g. journalists aren't usually welcome because big company reps feel uncomfortable speaking openly
[2018-06-26T16:23:56.875Z]	<kimhd>	...the vote is only open to W3C membership
[2018-06-26T16:24:14.395Z]	<kimhd>	...that's why it's important to whip up support among w3c members
[2018-06-26T16:24:17.679Z]	<rgrant>	rgrant: does a paying W3C member have to attend to vote?
[2018-06-26T16:24:24.695Z]	<kimhd>	rgrant: does a paying w3c member have to attend to vote
[2018-06-26T16:24:30.128Z]	<kimhd>	manu: no, can do remotely
[2018-06-26T16:24:55.478Z]	<kimhd>	...vote doesn't happen unless w3c mgmt believes it should happen (but that's rare)
[2018-06-26T16:25:21.559Z]	<kimhd>	...e.g. they may delay the vote many months while issues are worked thru
[2018-06-26T16:25:48.216Z]	<kimhd>	...how this goes down is mostly a political process
[2018-06-26T16:26:06.003Z]	<kimhd>	...e.g. VC stalled for 6 months due to behind the scenes
[2018-06-26T16:27:08.156Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Hackathon date TBD -- September 27th and 28th... want to get folks engaged in Hackathon.
[2018-06-26T16:27:18.576Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: We'd love to support deployed DID methods at the hackathon.
[2018-06-26T16:27:18.744Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/18
[2018-06-26T16:27:29.375Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Ping on JWK cryptosuite specs... issue 18
[2018-06-26T16:27:49.582Z]	<manu>	kimhd: We have that assigned to uPort - weren't able to assign it to ChristianLundkvist - any updates from uPort?
[2018-06-26T16:28:08.086Z]	<manu>	Topic: Work Items
[2018-06-26T16:28:09.617Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Any status to report?
[2018-06-26T16:28:12.214Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2018-06-26T16:28:27.003Z]	<manu>	Topic: Focal Use Cases for DID WG
[2018-06-26T16:28:32.775Z]	<kimhd>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wz8sakevXzO2OSMP341w7M2LjAMZfEQaTQEm_AOs3_Q/edit?usp=sharing
[2018-06-26T16:29:15.715Z]	<manu>	agropper: A prescription for Alice - use case is a patient accessing a physican online.
[2018-06-26T16:29:40.266Z]	<manu>	agropper: Getting a prescription that she takes to a pharmacy in person and its fulfilled... the prescription is the verifiable credential... identities DIDs of individuals involved.
[2018-06-26T16:30:08.581Z]	<manu>	agropper: The particular questions that I'd like to talk about with the group that are represented in the use case, we need to have a use case that has specific regulations at some point.
[2018-06-26T16:30:27.642Z]	<manu>	agropper: health-related and prescription related security analysis - defend what we're doing as this stuff moves forward.
[2018-06-26T16:30:54.442Z]	<tobacco>	Hi all ! I really like the generic DID scheme, is there somewhere a proposed Method scheme with Verifiable Claims maybe through the lense of smart contracts?
[2018-06-26T16:31:05.174Z]	<manu>	agropper: There are a lot of hypotheticals - protect privacy against collusion/tracking... trying to pick one example of how we engineer for one aspect of privacy.
[2018-06-26T16:31:37.101Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2018-06-26T16:31:52.285Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-06-26T16:32:09.134Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Adrian, great use case - there is a threat model approach that we're using in VCWG which is a good place for security analysis / privacy engineering.
[2018-06-26T16:32:30.803Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: If Alice's identity is never assured... is that compliant with regulations today?
[2018-06-26T16:32:42.195Z]	<manu>	agropper: It depends on the prescription... if it's not a controlled substance, the answer is yes.
[2018-06-26T16:33:07.375Z]	<manu>	agropper: prescriptions can be for various reasons - up to relationship w/ doctor. For example, doctor can dispense to alice keeping only the record in the doctor's office, nobody needs to know.
[2018-06-26T16:33:41.197Z]	<manu>	agropper: There are lots of examples of this... good case for privacy engineering as well as security analysis... have to pay attention to licensed professionals in DID universe... otherwise we're not doing much different from federated identity.
[2018-06-26T16:33:46.115Z]	<dcc>	q+
[2018-06-26T16:33:55.989Z]	<sam>	Cannabis is a controlled substance and there are a lot of online doctor script services, this would fit in that model, no?
[2018-06-26T16:34:10.296Z]	<manu>	agropper: What makes DID totally unique is the fact that it can be fully decentralized and fits w/ verifiable credentials... we're trying to get Venn diagram of licensed professionals, peers, patients.
[2018-06-26T16:34:23.982Z]	<kimhd>	ack dcc
[2018-06-26T16:35:10.116Z]	<manu>	dcc: Question about this - today when we have prescriptions, the pharmacist needs to know all prescriptions I'm taking for drug interactions. Health insurance needs to understand what I'm taking, different pharma to reduce costs. All that has happened to me in last 60 days... why do we want anonymity here when we don't have it today?
[2018-06-26T16:36:01.904Z]	<manu>	agropper: We've spent a quarter of our time worrying about privacy-related issues. There are hundreds of use cases ... ways we could complicate this use case along the lines of what you mention. The reason to do privacy engineering, and the reason we want to adopt these principles is to have a hierarchy for the kinds of restrictions/uses that you mention.
[2018-06-26T16:36:44.420Z]	<manu>	agropper: Privacy engineering means that you start with a foundation that is as privacy preserving as you can manage... data minimization, regulatory minimization - build through privacy engineering, as you have a reason - pharmacist monitor all prescriptions, that's a different use case.
[2018-06-26T16:37:15.694Z]	<manu>	agropper: There are lots of things we could privacy engineer in a hierarchy, this particular use case is talking about the bottom of that hierarchy, what is a reasonable set of regulations and security issues that already exist that we could use as a baseline.
[2018-06-26T16:37:27.754Z]	<manu>	agropper: Build on top of infrastructure - as a baseline.
[2018-06-26T16:37:35.586Z]	<manu>	dcc: What's the problem you're trying to solve?
[2018-06-26T16:37:40.807Z]	<manu>	agropper: It's not abstract at all.
[2018-06-26T16:37:51.503Z]	<rgrant>	I'd answer this as follows: doctors may want you to have only one medical persona, but there is no reason for your medical persona to be the same as your work persona.  This is quite different from having "anonymity" in your medical dealings.  Furthermore, doctors are sometimes wrong, and protocol infrastructure should not assume their perfection.
[2018-06-26T16:38:13.380Z]	<manu>	sam: I can speak to this personally - planned parenthood is for a lot of people that can't access doctors... a young woman would need to get a simple scrip.
[2018-06-26T16:38:23.406Z]	<manu>	sam: Doctors also provide marijuana prescriptions online.
[2018-06-26T16:38:37.786Z]	<manu>	sam: There is also something to be said here for at risk youth - someone that could verify they are who they are.
[2018-06-26T16:38:50.655Z]	<manu>	sam: Providing some non-controlled substance prescription online.
[2018-06-26T16:38:56.694Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: There is also birth control, etc.
[2018-06-26T16:39:12.621Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-06-26T16:39:31.160Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to talk about privacy from the entities David just presumed "needed" the information
[2018-06-26T16:39:33.729Z]	<manu>	agropper: That is the goal with this use case - find lowest common denominator that has this element of certified responsible individual rather than institution, has an aspect of non-controlled substance... so we don't have to defend the more charged use cases.
[2018-06-26T16:39:47.995Z]	<manu>	agropper: Trying to bring in relationship between licensed professional and individual.
[2018-06-26T16:39:52.415Z]	<kimhd>	freezing the q for this topic at Joe
[2018-06-26T16:40:06.920Z]	<rgrant>	q+ about my doctor experiences
[2018-06-26T16:40:20.147Z]	<manu>	dcc: I still don't understand... giving someone a prescription w/o knowing who they are is illegal.
[2018-06-26T16:40:28.299Z]	<manu>	agropper: It's not illegal. I'm a physician.
[2018-06-26T16:40:39.294Z]	<rgrant>	q-
[2018-06-26T16:40:49.655Z]	<manu>	agropper: This is not hypothetical, this is a real use case.
[2018-06-26T16:40:56.641Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-06-26T16:41:01.535Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: One of the drivers for this, David, is to challenge some of those assumptions that is given.
[2018-06-26T16:41:23.296Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: To the extent that it is legal, how can we rearchitect so we don't have baked in privacy problems.
[2018-06-26T16:41:28.155Z]	<manu>	dcc: That's the best answer I've heard.
[2018-06-26T16:41:42.697Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Let's wrap up and move discussion to mailing list.
[2018-06-26T16:41:55.069Z]	<dcc>	where do I find the discussion about the Washington law?
[2018-06-26T16:41:59.936Z]	<manu>	agropper: Where in our process are we going to have a security analysis?
[2018-06-26T16:42:17.943Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Good question - the way I think we do this is through threat model approach in VCWG.
[2018-06-26T16:42:48.356Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: We've asked for a bunch of use cases, getting engagement - as a communtiy, why are different people contributing... we'll need to pick a handful of focal use cases, will refine them... do a threat model, etc.
[2018-06-26T16:42:54.807Z]	<manu>	agropper: Thanks
[2018-06-26T16:42:59.822Z]	<dcc>	btw, what I said was: Giving a prescription you ahve been given by a doctor to someone else is illegal.
[2018-06-26T16:43:25.704Z]	<dcc>	(Sort of like buying alchohol for a minor)
[2018-06-26T16:43:33.782Z]	<manu>	Topic: Muscians and Influencers
[2018-06-26T16:43:34.202Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	@sam I'll send an email
[2018-06-26T16:44:12.621Z]	<manu>	sam: I grew up with the Internet, I was a DJ - met people online, met via MySpace, etc. I'd host people, they'd host me... when algorithmic fees were introduced to SoundCloud, I noticed the whole industry change.
[2018-06-26T16:44:32.306Z]	<manu>	sam: 3rd party models, led to the downfall of many platforms.
[2018-06-26T16:45:11.867Z]	<manu>	sam: What's frustrating is that because there are so many platforms now, they look at their numbers... SoundCloud has become garbage... Spotify was elitist artist thing... hurt a lot of people, focused on touring.
[2018-06-26T16:45:49.203Z]	<manu>	sam: No real way to "claim your ID"... it doesn't help anyone to convey the information they want to convey because I don't know how people are finding me... I don't know how people show up in search results. People just use the search result, images aren't even her.
[2018-06-26T16:46:14.347Z]	<manu>	sam: Services offer a "blue check", but is there a way that we can connect all the streaming data to a single counter that is attached to an ID that I own?
[2018-06-26T16:46:28.968Z]	<heathervescent>	The dream of the indie web of the early 00s!!
[2018-06-26T16:46:42.741Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1 for a simple use case for public personalities / celebrities / entertainers.
[2018-06-26T16:46:50.822Z]	<rgrant>	+1
[2018-06-26T16:46:55.734Z]	<manu>	sam: Also wondering if there is a way for that to hold a directory that points to archiv.org -- lots of stuff that I have screenshots of just doesn't exist on the Web yet. Archival of art will be lost
[2018-06-26T16:47:02.896Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2018-06-26T16:47:06.934Z]	<manu>	sam: We need to think about how we practice our own acts of archival.
[2018-06-26T16:47:08.761Z]	<bigbluehat>	s/archiv.org/archive.org
[2018-06-26T16:47:31.584Z]	<heathervescent>	This could be applied to all content creators... including bloggers, writers, vloggers, etc.
[2018-06-26T16:47:35.282Z]	<manu>	sam: Wondering if people can help me to make this possible.
[2018-06-26T16:47:43.798Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2018-06-26T16:47:57.055Z]	<manu>	sam: I have a crude prototype - trying to explore archival of self - verified entertainers presskit.
[2018-06-26T16:47:57.235Z]	<Jarlath>	thank you for these real world examples of how these solutions could effect change
[2018-06-26T16:48:10.364Z]	<kimhd>	ack agropper
[2018-06-26T16:48:13.877Z]	<drabiv>	q+
[2018-06-26T16:48:47.920Z]	<manu>	agropper: I just wanted comment - look in terms of agency - you can't do much how institutions archive stuff about you other than to have your own agent that tracks those things and that can combine/recombine them in ways that you control.
[2018-06-26T16:48:54.048Z]	<heathervescent>	q+
[2018-06-26T16:49:01.626Z]	<manu>	agropper: This individual agency is something that's not typically considered.
[2018-06-26T16:49:26.763Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1 Kim (we can pick up did-auth next week)
[2018-06-26T16:49:32.442Z]	<kimhd>	ack drabiv
[2018-06-26T16:49:53.784Z]	<kimhd>	can we get a scribe for when Manu drops off?
[2018-06-26T16:49:55.928Z]	<manu>	drabiv: I think Samantha's use case is about how to prove ownership over digital assets... this use case is handled on ValidBook by "statement of ownership"
[2018-06-26T16:50:12.981Z]	<manu>	drabiv: Everyone is going to have a base identity - they can link to that identity - any digital asset.
[2018-06-26T16:50:20.900Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-06-26T16:50:31.462Z]	<manu>	q+ to speak to Samantha's use case more directly via DIDs and Services.
[2018-06-26T16:50:41.654Z]	<sam>	can a real time streaming data counter be tied to a signature?
[2018-06-26T16:50:48.856Z]	<kimhd>	ack heathervescent
[2018-06-26T16:51:32.996Z]	<kimhd>	freezing q for use case #13 at Manu so we can get to Sam's other use cases
[2018-06-26T16:51:40.108Z]	<manu>	heathervescent: This is interesting - started out as indie and then were acquried by corporations - see this split in a couple of different ways... direct experiences about that - being an OG blogger, then stuff I wrote disappearing, cut advertising based revenue model... reclaiming contnet on corporate platforms.
[2018-06-26T16:52:45.768Z]	<manu>	heathervescent: There is another methodology - foresaw this, created our own brand anchored to a domain - with DNS, you still don't own it forever, but you have a bit more control over it... aggregate it. Those domains can be fluid. May not want content from a previous blog when you were younger to be mixed w/ professional life.
[2018-06-26T16:53:22.488Z]	<manu>	heathervescent: There are two inputs - 1) content you've created on your own - indieweb, and 2) digital natives that have grown up using the platforms that were given to them w/o understanding that they don't own their content.
[2018-06-26T16:53:37.856Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-06-26T16:53:50.235Z]	<manu>	heathervescent: Don't know if these are two different use cases... multiple media - samantha is coming from music background, I'm coming from writing background.
[2018-06-26T16:54:35.100Z]	<heathervescent>	q+
[2018-06-26T16:54:36.750Z]	<manu>	sam: Yes, Heather hit the heart of the issue - can we not just have the reclaiming oru view - not just content, metrics of your views.
[2018-06-26T16:54:37.894Z]	<manu>	q-
[2018-06-26T16:54:45.825Z]	<dmitriz>	the view count, by itself, is a pretty complicated issue, in decentralized terms.
[2018-06-26T16:54:47.675Z]	<kimhd>	can we get a scribe?
[2018-06-26T16:54:49.177Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Cheers, Manu
[2018-06-26T16:54:58.769Z]	<manu>	sam: Still your responsibility for now. Collect it in a way.
[2018-06-26T16:55:18.575Z]	<dmitriz>	we're basically talking about an ecosystem of trusted verifiers
[2018-06-26T16:55:19.324Z]	<drabiv>	q+
[2018-06-26T16:55:20.615Z]	<manu>	heathervescent: reputation associated with content - aggregated reputation - another layer on top of the content.
[2018-06-26T16:55:20.856Z]	<kimhd>	warning to those on q: moving to use case 14/15
[2018-06-26T16:56:41.499Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-06-26T16:56:43.575Z]	<heathervescent>	kim: moving sam's second use to next week
[2018-06-26T16:57:52.716Z]	<heathervescent>	ChristopherA: I'm hearing the free association that feels like, Sam's created fans/associations with fans, but does not own the association and the fan does not own the association. Those associations are owned by the platform where she put her content & the fans are.
[2018-06-26T16:58:01.834Z]	<heathervescent>	... when Sam moves platforms, those associations are lost.
[2018-06-26T16:58:21.998Z]	<heathervescent>	... the associations can be portable.
[2018-06-26T16:58:31.740Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-06-26T16:58:38.607Z]	<heathervescent>	... can't take my thousands of followers from twitter to mastedon.
[2018-06-26T16:58:47.608Z]	<heathervescent>	... that is the user story I am hearing that is new.
[2018-06-26T16:58:57.318Z]	<heathervescent>	... privacy for the fans.
[2018-06-26T16:59:20.395Z]	<heathervescent>	Sam: like a decentralized RSS feed
[2018-06-26T16:59:30.789Z]	<heathervescent>	ChristopherA: it's a 2 way VC
[2018-06-26T16:59:31.660Z]	<jungly>	+1 decentralised RSS :)
[2018-06-26T17:00:01.209Z]	<dmitriz>	as far as decentralized RSS, I'd definitely point people to the Social Web Working Group's work, on ActivityPub and so on
[2018-06-26T17:00:18.036Z]	<kimhd>	we'll end with Bohdan
[2018-06-26T17:00:23.698Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	I've got to drop. Thanks, all!
[2018-06-26T17:00:47.318Z]	<kimhd>	ack drabiv
[2018-06-26T17:02:07.378Z]	<heathervescent>	Bodin: archiving. I have a soundcloud account, but it closes, so I have to prove that it was mine before I can port it. Solution: Take a snapshot of your soundcloud account, sign it with your digital identity, you can prove you were the owner of that account.
[2018-06-26T17:04:05.257Z]	<heathervescent>	... needs to have interoperability between platforms (e.g. leaving spotify, them allowing portability.)
[2018-06-26T17:04:07.828Z]	<sam>	Is there a universal avatar work being done?
[2018-06-26T17:04:16.063Z]	<rgrant>	thanks!
[2018-06-26T17:08:55.658Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2018-06-26T17:09:06.874Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 0118
[2018-06-26T17:09:10.562Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 0122
[2018-06-26T17:09:12.232Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 0127
[2018-06-26T17:09:16.427Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 0129
[2018-06-26T17:09:18.421Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 0130
[2018-06-26T17:09:20.471Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 013b
[2018-06-26T17:09:22.228Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 013c
[2018-06-26T17:09:22.229Z]	<kimhd>	present+ SamanthaMatthewsChase, agropper, cwebber, dcc, chrisb, jungly, drummond, agropper, heather, simonas, dmitriz, jarlath
