[Tue 11:05:44] <manu>	scribe: stone
[Tue 11:05:51] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Oct/0026.html
[Tue 11:06:08] <stone>	manu: The Agenda focus for today is the F2F agenda
[Tue 11:06:31] <stone>	manu: This is the last meeting before F2F meeting on 10/27,28
[Tue 11:06:40] <manu>	topic: Verifiable Claims Face-to-Face Agenda
[Tue 11:06:46] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uYDRcHs_EOpJzezJerKnKT4Grni1sFLX2nRp7zlq2BE/edit
[Tue 11:07:18] *	Matt_Larson (~Matt_Larson@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:07:26] <stone>	manu: send link to draft of presentations this week.
[Tue 11:07:43] <stone>	manu: very important that they be available a week ahead
[Tue 11:07:51] <gkellogg>	I’ll have something up by tomorrow.
[Tue 11:08:02] <stone>	manu: absolute last day to finalize is next thrusday
[Tue 11:08:57] <stone>	manu: how to link: use the face to face agenda document - add a comment w/ the link
[Tue 11:09:42] <stone>	manu: any input on the agenda as it sits?
[Tue 11:09:47] <stone>	(no response)
[Tue 11:09:47] <NateOtto>	This looks like a good and refined agenda.
[Tue 11:10:51] <manu>	stone: We connected last week, started sketching notes verbally, haven't started a document yet, will do so in next couple of days.
[Tue 11:11:06] <stone>	manu: high level review of the problem we're trying to address w/ transition to charter focus
[Tue 11:11:26] <manu>	RichardVarn: We'll be collaborating on that, will be sharing documents there. How do we distinguish ourselves from "Identity" and things that end up being a tangled forest that we don't want to be caught in. Who are the key players?
[Tue 11:11:36] *	manu hands scribing back over to stone.
[Tue 11:11:39] <stone>	varn: clearly focus and hopefully detangle ourselves from things like identity work
[Tue 11:11:52] <manu>	stone: Yep, sounds good.
[Tue 11:12:28] <stone>	manu: 3rd co-chair won't be there. Dan Burnett. - would like his input to the intro
[Tue 11:12:32] <stone>	thanks dan.
[Tue 11:13:24] <stone>	manu: note re:chairs.  W3C management makes the final decsion about chairs.  current candidates are stone, varn, burnett
[Tue 11:14:01] <stone>	manu: W3C wants a technical focus and a process focus - they may change the mix.
[Tue 11:14:21] <stone>	manu: chair job at F2F - stay on schedule and topic
[Tue 11:14:41] <ShaneM>	The keyword is "timebox"
[Tue 11:15:59] <stone>	manu: general use cases time reduced to 30m to make room for industry use cases
[Tue 11:16:09] <stone>	manu: (topic moving to general use cases now)
[Tue 11:17:03] <stone>	manu: (blending topic w/ industry use cases now) - Nate will have a speaker by EOD tomorrow
[Tue 11:17:18] <stone>	manu: backup for education is ETS (Richard)
[Tue 11:17:48] <stone>	manu: payments: Hoyer from Deutche Telekom
[Tue 11:18:47] <stone>	manu: healthcare: adriaan - use case is clear, but don't have slides yet.  Medical Society credential management linking to self sovereign ID via Newport
[Tue 11:19:17] <stone>	manu: separates role of hospital into 1) ID on blockchain and 2) claim by medical society
[Tue 11:19:26] <stone>	manu: entertainment - manu to follow up
[Tue 11:19:44] <stone>	manu: next topic: architecture (shane)
[Tue 11:20:00] <stone>	manu: have material, havent' started formal deck
[Tue 11:20:33] <stone>	manu: next topic: data model, representations (manu) - day 1 will feel repetitive b/c there will be ~50% newcomers
[Tue 11:20:59] *	Adam_ has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:21:46] <stone>	manu: want to tell people how the process works at W3C and set expectations.  stone/varn to partner w/ someone who has recent experience
[Tue 11:21:52] <stone>	manu: who can help?
[Tue 11:22:34] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000326] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:22:41] <stone>	shane volunteers david ezell?
[Tue 11:22:42] <varn>	for bringing people up to speed:  Matt and I wondered if we can enforce an expectation that a basic set of documents should be reviewed by members in advance and we can assume they have read them
[Tue 11:23:45] <manu>	stone: it would be good to have someone that has been through it before - comfortable talking to that once it's setup.
[Tue 11:24:21] <manu>	ACTION: Manu to connect DavidE, Dan, Richard, and Matt on W3C process for VC.
[Tue 11:25:26] <gkellogg>	On Thursday, we’ll have a number of people at IIW just showing up.
[Tue 11:25:36] <stone>	manu: response to Richard - that's always the expectation, but reality is that there will be many that haven't read our docs yet
[Tue 11:25:46] *	ShaneM wonders if we already have a syllabus that we can share out?  Beyond the list at webpayments-ig/VCTF
[Tue 11:25:48] <varn>	we need to communicate that to the registered attendees and get them the list
[Tue 11:26:21] <varn>	how about a printed set then?
[Tue 11:26:35] <stone>	manu: members of the IIW may not know we are there and will "just show up" be ready to create a baseline
[Tue 11:26:57] <varn>	i can bring a few printed handouts
[Tue 11:26:58] <ShaneM>	I bring that up because there are a TON of documents and they are not well structured.
[Tue 11:27:16] <varn>	i just need to know what to print ahead of time
[Tue 11:28:12] <stone>	manu: volunteer to make the handout?
[Tue 11:28:21] <stone>	{crickets}
[Tue 11:28:28] <varn>	i will silence the crickets
[Tue 11:29:05] <varn>	i will work on a one pager
[Tue 11:29:22] <manu>	ACTION: Richard Varn to work on a one pager on Verifiable Claims to hand out at IIW.
[Tue 11:29:36] <varn>	i will also print out a set of the basic docs and bring a set for people who decide to attend late
[Tue 11:30:12] <stone>	Day 2 agenda
[Tue 11:30:28] *	ShaneM is hoping to get up to the city during the work day....  I need to pick up my estonian eResidency documents!
[Tue 11:30:28] <stone>	manu: goal: get people out by 3 to get to the airport
[Tue 11:31:02] <stone>	manu: Decentralized identifier discussion about larger ecosystem
[Tue 11:32:05] <stone>	manu: discussion re:why Linked Data
[Tue 11:32:16] <burn>	q+
[Tue 11:32:16] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: burn
[Tue 11:32:35] <manu>	ack burn
[Tue 11:32:35] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor.
[Tue 11:33:05] <stone>	dan: noticed that syntax isn't covered in the decks.
[Tue 11:33:16] <stone>	manu: yep, was leaving that to you
[Tue 11:33:35] <varn>	FYI my flight is at 2:30 from SJC so I will not be there after lunch
[Tue 11:33:43] <stone>	manu: please jump into deep dive, dan:ok
[Tue 11:34:04] <stone>	stone: (ok richard)
[Tue 11:34:55] <stone>	manu: need to discuss how we're coordinating w/ other groups
[Tue 11:35:26] <manu>	stone: Is this in an unconference format?
[Tue 11:35:50] <dlongley>	stone: How do the meetings work?
[Tue 11:36:41] <dlongley>	manu: It's up to the presenter, generally you start with creating the baseline for discussion and then answering questions people might have. We don't want to have people talking all day and no questions, we really want the presenters to introduce the topic and baseline for conversation as quickly as possible and then it's open discussion for rest of the time roughly 50-50 split, presentation and then discussion.
[Tue 11:37:02] <dlongley>	stone: I was focused on these deep-dive technical discussions.
[Tue 11:37:16] <dlongley>	manu: For the deep dive on the data model, we can talk about it and then ask does anyone have questions about X?
[Tue 11:37:23] <dlongley>	manu: Timebox and then move on to next session.
[Tue 11:37:27] <dlongley>	stone: Ok.
[Tue 11:37:42] <dlongley>	stone: If I'm playing role of time keeper I just want to bear in mind how we want the flow to go.
[Tue 11:38:01] <dlongley>	manu: Yup, and we always end up going over time because there are more questions. About ~15 over is ok roughly.
[Tue 11:38:41] <stone>	manu: hope to get content out of the Rebooting Web of Trust the previous week
[Tue 11:39:12] <stone>	manu: 2 competing approaches, one is a standard that isn't being adopted by this community, one that is more experimental
[Tue 11:39:35] <stone>	manu: stone to run afternoon on day 2
[Tue 11:40:25] <stone>	stone: lunch?  will be provided for us on Th, maybe Fri
[Tue 11:40:27] *	Matt_Larson has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:40:48] <stone>	manu: dinner - will organize a group dinner (chairs to get attendance)
[Tue 11:41:21] <ShaneM>	q+ to ask about use cases on thursdayu
[Tue 11:41:21] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: ShaneM
[Tue 11:41:25] <manu>	ack ShaneM 
[Tue 11:41:26] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor (to ask about use cases on thursdayu).
[Tue 11:42:38] <stone>	manu: day 1: use cases - joe to discuss the high level approach to use cases
[Tue 11:43:02] <stone>	manu: joe will hand off to industry specifics - each will do a 15min presentation
[Tue 11:44:23] <stone>	manu: should be wifi there.  will use this channel for minutes
[Tue 11:44:30] <NateOtto>	Have a great day all, and a great meeting in a couple weeks!
[Tue 11:44:30] <stone>	present+ mccarron, trainer, lake, lehn, longley, sporny, kellogg, burn, crocker, otto, simmons, stone, gropper, varn
