[Tue 11:04:02] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Mar/0007.html
[Tue 11:04:16] <manu>	scribe: stone
[Tue 11:04:59] <manu>	Topic: Draft Charter Proposal
[Tue 11:05:02] <voip-vctf>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000090c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:05] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/vctf/charter/proposal.html
[Tue 11:05:06] <stone>	manu: hoping to circulate charter at upcoming AC meeting
[Tue 11:05:30] *	ShaneM is running a tad late :(
[Tue 11:05:33] <voip-vctf>	Jim Goodell [SIP/172.16.0.100-0000090d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:38] *	dezell has read but not sent
[Tue 11:05:39] <stone>	manu: anyone sent in review comments?
[Tue 11:05:44] <stone>	crickets... only Ian Jacobs.
[Tue 11:05:57] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:05:57] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dezell
[Tue 11:06:09] <manu>	ack dezell 
[Tue 11:06:09] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:06:09] <stone>	manu:  need more focus on the charter - please review by Friday!!
[Tue 11:06:12] *	dlongley even if you don't have comments, please send an email saying you reviewed it
[Tue 11:06:19] *	dlongley and didn't find anything to comment on
[Tue 11:06:35] <JohnTib>	i'll respond by Friday
[Tue 11:06:39] <burn>	manu, I have skimmed but will review by Friday
[Tue 11:06:52] <stone>	dezell:  thank you for all the work"  -- there are a couple places where charter could be more assertive and others where it may be over assertive
[Tue 11:07:01] <manu>	ACTION: John Tibbetts to review VCTF Draft Charter by Friday.
[Tue 11:07:12] <manu>	ACTION: Dan Burnett to review VCTF Draft Charter by Friday.
[Tue 11:07:29] <stone>	dezell: eg: protocol should do "such and such" may be better to read "could" unless it's a real requirement
[Tue 11:07:29] <erkorb_rm>	should or could to "may"?
[Tue 11:07:50] <manu>	ACTION: dezell Ezell to review VCTF Draft Charter by Friday.
[Tue 11:08:10] <manu>	ACTION: Matt Stone to review VCTF Draft Charter by Friday.
[Tue 11:08:10] <erkorb_rm>	Korb will review by Friday
[Tue 11:08:18] <stone>	stone: I will review by friday as well
[Tue 11:08:19] <manu>	ACTION: Eric Korb to review VCTF Draft Charter by Friday.
[Tue 11:08:46] <stone>	manu will move charter to webpayments IG space
[Tue 11:09:29] <manu>	Topic: Material for W3C Advisory Committe Meeting at MIT
[Tue 11:10:13] *	JimGoodell (~4474af7e@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:10:46] <stone>	manu: thinking it might be good to have small handouts of overview and links?
[Tue 11:11:00] <ShaneM>	 no,  I am here - be on the call in a second
[Tue 11:11:40] <stone>	manu: not getting anytime on the public timeline - not doing breakout discussions in AC meeting.  will have to have curbside discussions
[Tue 11:12:03] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-0000090e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:12:04] <ShaneM>	present+ ShaneM
[Tue 11:12:13] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Member/Meeting/2016ac/March/Agenda.html
[Tue 11:13:53] <stone>	dezell: handouts are unusual - if it's the size of the business card it may be well received - as a marketing concept we might want to make it a "verifiable claim" :)
[Tue 11:15:33] <stone>	manu: should pull the IG in next week - timeline is VERY short.

[Tue 11:16:11] <voip-vctf>	22 [SIP/192.168.1.16-00000905] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:16:30] *	ShaneM stone that was dezell Ezell
[Tue 11:16:59] <stone>	manu: asking for "informal" review to socialize the charter before the official review
[Tue 11:17:20] <voip-vctf>	22 [SIP/192.168.1.16-0000090f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:17:32] <stone>	manu & dezell will discuss plan offline this week to get this on the radar at AC
[Tue 11:17:47] <voip-vctf>	22 [SIP/192.168.1.16-0000090f] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:18:33] <voip-vctf>	491715518533 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000910] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:18:50] <manu>	voip: 910 is PhilipHofman
[Tue 11:18:50] <voip-vctf>	Associated PhilipHofman with SIP/69.71.222.196-00000910.
[Tue 11:18:54] <stone>	manu: if we have an artifact to circulate - we'll have initial charter, minimal use cases, perhaps this business card thing.  anything else?
[Tue 11:19:03] <manu>	Topic: Use Cases Document
[Tue 11:19:08] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/use-cases/
[Tue 11:20:01] <stone>	manu: Shane reviewed the use cases and winnowed it down to use cases that support the focused charter - target about 6-8 cases
[Tue 11:20:44] <stone>	ShaneM: styled and edited so it's a more readable narrative - needs a review from this group
[Tue 11:20:57] <voip-vctf>	dezell I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000912] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:21:09] <stone>	+1 on the diagrams.
[Tue 11:21:27] <manu>	stone: thanks for the diagrams, appreciate the addition of those.
[Tue 11:21:40] <JohnTib>	I reviewed them probably while Shane was modifying them.
[Tue 11:23:07] <stone>	manu: concern that b/c it's so winnowed down - we haven't gone through the exercise to map this to what we actually want when the WG is done.
[Tue 11:23:24] *	er_korb_rm (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:24:50] <stone>	manu: please read through the document with that in mind.
[Tue 11:25:58] <stone>	Tibbetts: the use cases for education are a less compelling.  "i think a solid claim about something like an electonic transcript" might be a scenario to add
[Tue 11:26:07] <ShaneM>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/use-cases/#uc-consuming-verifiability
[Tue 11:27:13] *	dlongley you may have to reload the link for it to jump to the right section
[Tue 11:27:31] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-0000090e] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:28:02] *	ShaneM uggh coming back
[Tue 11:28:13] <stone>	manu: looking for a scenario in section 4.1 where issuer is focus?
[Tue 11:28:17] <dlongley>	+1 to adding something about e-transcripts to 4.1.1
[Tue 11:28:30] <ShaneM>	okay that's great feedback john - thanks!
[Tue 11:28:49] *	ShaneM phone decided to stop talking on the cell network.  fixing it
[Tue 11:28:59] <voip-vctf>	John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-000008fe] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:29:00] <dlongley>	+1 to adding it because it does highlight how this is different from what you can already do with things like OpenID Connect as John said
[Tue 11:29:10] <dlongley>	typo: "Credentials COmmunity Groups"
[Tue 11:29:20] <dlongley>	(errant capital 'O')
[Tue 11:29:35] <voip-vctf>	John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000913] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:29:38] <dlongley>	(in the Intro)
[Tue 11:29:48] *	erkorb_rm has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:29:53] <manu>	Topic: Expected Timeline for VCTF Charter Review
[Tue 11:29:54] <stone>	manu: neither use cases or charter are set in stone until sent for offical review.  read and give feedback
[Tue 11:30:20] <ShaneM>	thanks for the typo comment dlongley - fixed in my patch branch now
[Tue 11:30:27] *	dlongley sure
[Tue 11:30:58] <stone>	manu: looks like late may/early june for review
[Tue 11:31:00] *	ShaneM back
[Tue 11:31:00] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-00000914] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:31:19] *	dlongley you might be muted
[Tue 11:31:25] <stone>	manu: "if things go well in the socialization process"
[Tue 11:32:11] <stone>	dezell: would have more confidence if Eric had joined us today - sound like a reasonable time frame.  needs enough meat in it to warrant the activity
[Tue 11:32:30] *	ShaneM is muted
[Tue 11:32:39] <stone>	dezell: also make sure there aren't any bombshells and get people in the IG to go on record in support of it
[Tue 11:33:03] <ShaneM>	Sorry if I missed this - when are we planning to circle back with the interviewees and survey respondents?
[Tue 11:33:16] <stone>	dezell: "on record" really  means "supportive"
[Tue 11:33:34] <manu>	Shane, yes, we are circling back around w/ them.
[Tue 11:35:21] <stone>	manu: will start filling out a FAQ before we go to official review
[Tue 11:35:26] <ShaneM>	does it make sense to try to do anyting during the F2F of the payments people in June?
[Tue 11:36:33] <voip-vctf>	John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000913] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:38] <stone>	dezell: IG expressed interest in having a F2F this summer.  not sure where/when
[Tue 11:36:53] <stone>	dezell: perhaps in London during 2nd week of june
[Tue 11:38:00] <stone>	dezell: it's a pretty good milestone to organize this around
[Tue 11:38:22] *	jasonweaver has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:39:04] <stone>	manu: anything else?  no? thanks all.  please complete reviews by EOW
[Tue 11:39:50] <manu>	Present+ Hofman, Kennedy, Goodell, taaz, weaver, trainer, sutton, DeLorenzo
