[2018-10-16T15:59:55.694Z]	<mike-lodder>	present+ mike-lodder
[2018-10-16T16:00:00.960Z]	<manu>	present+
[2018-10-16T16:00:10.411Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2018-10-16T16:00:32.157Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2018-10-16T16:00:47.535Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2018-10-16T16:01:12.076Z]	<ChristopherA>	voip 19a is ChristopherA
[2018-10-16T16:01:25.746Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present +
[2018-10-16T16:01:35.699Z]	<burn>	present+
[2018-10-16T16:01:38.043Z]	<drabiv>	present+ drabiv
[2018-10-16T16:02:48.000Z]	<achughes>	voip: 1ab is achughes
[2018-10-16T16:02:48.171Z]	<manu>	voip: 1ab is KimHD
[2018-10-16T16:03:17.255Z]	<lparker>	present+
[2018-10-16T16:03:33.997Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: noise?
[2018-10-16T16:03:53.832Z]	<ken>	present+
[2018-10-16T16:03:54.042Z]	<kimhd>	Present+
[2018-10-16T16:03:59.860Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2018-10-16T16:04:02.721Z]	<achughes>	voip: 1b0 is achughes
[2018-10-16T16:04:04.599Z]	<kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Oct/0049.html
[2018-10-16T16:04:06.173Z]	<ChristopherA>	voip: 1af is ChristopherA
[2018-10-16T16:04:08.276Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2018-10-16T16:04:10.557Z]	<achughes>	present+
[2018-10-16T16:04:12.312Z]	<Yancy_>	present+
[2018-10-16T16:04:43.573Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2018-10-16T16:04:48.700Z]	<ottonomy>	present+
[2018-10-16T16:05:08.123Z]	<achughes>	scribe achughes
[2018-10-16T16:05:18.474Z]	<manu>	scribe: achughes
[2018-10-16T16:05:46.116Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: Reviews the IPR rules and how to queue to speak
[2018-10-16T16:06:37.866Z]	<ottonomy>	Hi, @manu. Glad to be here.
[2018-10-16T16:06:53.084Z]	<stonematt>	present+ Matt_Stone
[2018-10-16T16:07:42.312Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: nominates Heather to be reintroduced!
[2018-10-16T16:08:37.537Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Introductions and Reintroductions
[2018-10-16T16:08:38.156Z]	<achughes>	heathervescent: Runs a strategic consultancy, in the tech industry 20+ years, futurist. Published a comprehensive SSI research report - ask for details.
[2018-10-16T16:09:10.686Z]	<achughes>	heathervescent: SSI similar to previous digital asset grid work at SWIFT
[2018-10-16T16:09:20.996Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Announcements & Reminders
[2018-10-16T16:09:35.131Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2018-10-16T16:09:44.878Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: Two events next week
[2018-10-16T16:09:58.912Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: TPAC in Lyon and IIW in Mountain View
[2018-10-16T16:10:02.855Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.w3.org/2018/10/TPAC/
[2018-10-16T16:10:08.823Z]	<kimhd>	http://iiw.idcommons.net
[2018-10-16T16:10:31.914Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.w3.org/Security/strong-authentication-and-identity-workshop/
[2018-10-16T16:10:36.459Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: W3C workshop on strong authentication and Identity December 10, 11 in Redmond
[2018-10-16T16:11:05.455Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Progress on Current Action Items
[2018-10-16T16:11:13.041Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2018-10-16T16:11:16.435Z]	<achughes>	manu: a good forum to discuss DIDs prior to establishing DID WG
[2018-10-16T16:11:38.096Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item%22
[2018-10-16T16:11:44.712Z]	<achughes>	manu: Workshop is invitation-only - must submit a position statement - group will be selected based on submissions
[2018-10-16T16:11:57.985Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-10-16T16:12:30.274Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: For W3C workshop - should the application survey include the position statement? or send the position separately?
[2018-10-16T16:12:49.772Z]	<achughes>	manu: Cover your bases and send a separate position statement in addition to the survey
[2018-10-16T16:13:03.475Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: Does the workshop need more publicity?
[2018-10-16T16:13:34.838Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-10-16T16:13:40.542Z]	<Lionel>	Manu: Can you resend the 'position paragraphs' item? I missed the details.
[2018-10-16T16:13:46.776Z]	<achughes>	manu: These are specialist workshops, technical, standards focused, not general attendace. So not really appropriate for a newsletter.
[2018-10-16T16:13:48.443Z]	<Lionel>	Is it IIW only?
[2018-10-16T16:14:11.294Z]	<Lionel>	OK, but it's at Mountain View, (not Lyon) correct?
[2018-10-16T16:14:22.993Z]	<achughes>	manu: Workshop is open to anyone, but deep into strong authentication topics. W3C workshop is in Redmond
[2018-10-16T16:14:26.820Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	It's in Seattle in December
[2018-10-16T16:14:30.512Z]	<Lionel>	Sorry, missed the place of the workshop. THANKS!
[2018-10-16T16:14:36.806Z]	<Lionel>	Got it. Thanks.
[2018-10-16T16:14:37.066Z]	<dlongley>	10-11th
[2018-10-16T16:14:55.254Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item%22
[2018-10-16T16:15:11.601Z]	<achughes>	Redmond is near Seattle
[2018-10-16T16:15:29.922Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/2
[2018-10-16T16:16:00.516Z]	<ottonomy>	Seems like the whole audio bridge is having some trouble. Hopefully it recovers.
[2018-10-16T16:16:16.492Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	=(
[2018-10-16T16:16:16.535Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: Spec text video editing
[2018-10-16T16:16:18.161Z]	<lparker>	Better now
[2018-10-16T16:16:20.038Z]	<ottonomy>	Getting better!
[2018-10-16T16:16:20.253Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	a bit better now
[2018-10-16T16:16:28.800Z]	<achughes>	achughes: Bohdan has stepped up and edited the video
[2018-10-16T16:16:50.686Z]	<achughes>	achughes: Andrew wants to view the edited video (60 minutes) and will circulate the link this week
[2018-10-16T16:17:08.107Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: Work items
[2018-10-16T16:17:12.334Z]	<achughes>	Topic: Work Items
[2018-10-16T16:17:17.721Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2018-10-16T16:17:32.232Z]	<manu>	q+ to mention DID WG prep
[2018-10-16T16:17:41.716Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-10-16T16:18:03.333Z]	<achughes>	manu: DID WG Prep - the DID Primer docs got a few updates
[2018-10-16T16:18:21.642Z]	<kimhd>	thanks Bohdan (re video)
[2018-10-16T16:18:23.333Z]	<burn>	manu can you drop the link to the new primer?
[2018-10-16T16:18:33.293Z]	<achughes>	manu: we have really good support - 81 orgs responded, ~60 are commercial orgs - most are supportive
[2018-10-16T16:18:44.307Z]	<achughes>	manu: support to create a new DID WG
[2018-10-16T16:19:11.315Z]	<kimhd>	DID Primer: https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-primer/
[2018-10-16T16:19:20.473Z]	<achughes>	manu: The use cases are representative of the ones the orgs are interested in.
[2018-10-16T16:19:43.734Z]	<Lionel_2>	Manu: where can we see the list of 80+ companies supporting the DID as a WG?
[2018-10-16T16:19:52.004Z]	<mike-lodder>	when are we going to finalize those PRs?
[2018-10-16T16:19:57.607Z]	<achughes>	manu: Next up for the DID Spec is LD signatures, COSE, JWT discussions
[2018-10-16T16:20:27.393Z]	<achughes>	manu: DID Spec and Use cases need to be cleaned up a bit in prep for the WG startup (assuming it goes)
[2018-10-16T16:20:59.455Z]	<achughes>	manu: the supporting companies list is only for W3C members - confidential
[2018-10-16T16:21:07.792Z]	<mike-lodder>	yes
[2018-10-16T16:21:31.140Z]	<mike-lodder>	q?
[2018-10-16T16:21:32.252Z]	<manu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-wg-proposal/
[2018-10-16T16:21:44.856Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: DID PR finalization - discussion about having deep-dive calls soon. Focus was on TPAC prep.
[2018-10-16T16:21:56.120Z]	<mike-lodder>	:thumbs_up
[2018-10-16T16:21:58.181Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: Mike and Drummond will be talking together at IIW to resolve big issues
[2018-10-16T16:22:03.360Z]	<manu>	Member-confidential list of supporters of W3C DID WG Proposal: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Member/w3c-ac-forum/2018OctDec/att-0007/W3C_DID_WG_Proposal_-_W3C_Member_Confidential.pdf
[2018-10-16T16:22:30.773Z]	<achughes>	mike-lodder: So, there’s no movement planned prior to IIW?
[2018-10-16T16:22:48.800Z]	<manu>	+1 to process DID spec changes.
[2018-10-16T16:22:53.032Z]	<achughes>	mike-lodder: Probably won’t be able to resolve all PRs at IIW - so should we use this call to discuss?
[2018-10-16T16:23:13.622Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: Yes, some of it can be on this call - and also separate deep-dive calls
[2018-10-16T16:23:23.156Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: these would be official ccg calls
[2018-10-16T16:23:29.554Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-10-16T16:23:42.032Z]	<achughes>	Topic: TPAC Planning
[2018-10-16T16:24:03.240Z]	<kimhd>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Dc6VKwlMXcqQPy_viehxWqXHFkLYltLO9yaVapa2svs/edit
[2018-10-16T16:24:19.096Z]	<lparker>	I can view it
[2018-10-16T16:24:27.753Z]	<ken>	I can't access it.
[2018-10-16T16:25:05.254Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: adjusted the permissions on the document for review
[2018-10-16T16:25:05.318Z]	<ken>	That worked.
[2018-10-16T16:25:30.142Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: The interesting presentations related to DIDs are called out in the schedule document
[2018-10-16T16:26:02.483Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: Tuesday - the big one is the 2 hour Credentials CG meeting - slide deck needs lots of work and who will present it
[2018-10-16T16:26:50.822Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: The structure of the CCG session: people will be walking in and wanting to hear the overview of the work and some light details
[2018-10-16T16:27:11.281Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: Need to avoid getting derailed - so need a firm schedule of topics in the ccg meeting
[2018-10-16T16:27:24.904Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: Slide 9 has candidate items for deeper diving
[2018-10-16T16:28:16.127Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: Need presenters for the items
[2018-10-16T16:28:29.444Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: Slide 8 has the full list of work items in the ccg - Slide 9 is the focus topics
[2018-10-16T16:28:43.124Z]	<manu>	q+ to suggest "Identity/Data Hubs" --
[2018-10-16T16:28:51.094Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-10-16T16:28:55.115Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: Need volunteers to present the ‘shallow’ deep dive topics
[2018-10-16T16:29:24.845Z]	<achughes>	manu: Should include Self-Sovereign data storage - Microsoft Identity Hub / Data Hub
[2018-10-16T16:29:36.304Z]	<dmitriz>	+1
[2018-10-16T16:30:03.166Z]	<Lionel_2>	I volunteer for a shallow-deep-dive
[2018-10-16T16:30:04.214Z]	<achughes>	manu: Will be discussions on Digital Verifiaction Specs
[2018-10-16T16:30:27.504Z]	<Lionel_2>	Datamin is my favorite topic!
[2018-10-16T16:31:13.158Z]	<achughes>	Lionel_2: Volunteers to do a shallow-deep-dive on data minimization - will be at TPAC
[2018-10-16T16:31:35.020Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: Suggests 2-3 slides for each ‘deep dive’ topics
[2018-10-16T16:31:37.101Z]	<Lionel_2>	Yes, I will be at TPAC.
[2018-10-16T16:32:15.875Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: Still need a person to present (manu volunteers)
[2018-10-16T16:32:20.797Z]	<chrisboscolo>	joe -- My W3C creds aren't working to see that DID proposal member list, do I need to request access?
[2018-10-16T16:32:50.300Z]	<manu>	chrisboscolo: No, more than likely you're not the AC Rep for your org?
[2018-10-16T16:32:52.773Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: TPAC Wednesday - breakout sessions
[2018-10-16T16:33:03.073Z]	<chrisboscolo>	ah, yes that is truu
[2018-10-16T16:33:10.299Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: most important: the W3C DID Working Group session that Manu is running
[2018-10-16T16:33:51.481Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: the second breakout that we will propose is Joe’s “Roadmap for Decentralized Identity"
[2018-10-16T16:34:07.492Z]	<chrisboscolo>	thx!
[2018-10-16T16:35:04.326Z]	<achughes>	manu: ccg needs to keep focused on a few topics to avoid slow progress and dissipation
[2018-10-16T16:35:34.935Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-10-16T16:35:35.162Z]	<achughes>	manu: e.g. the way we are doing signatures in VC and DID Spec is not locked down - commercial deployers need this to be locked down
[2018-10-16T16:35:47.455Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-10-16T16:35:47.713Z]	<achughes>	manu: ccg stil needs to decide on what work should be next
[2018-10-16T16:36:15.435Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-10-16T16:36:33.474Z]	<burn>	q+ regarding VC update
[2018-10-16T16:36:48.458Z]	<kimhd>	ack burn
[2018-10-16T16:36:55.615Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Still lots of ccg items to work on - such as deep dives into individual methods - the DID WG wont necessarily work on these things
[2018-10-16T16:36:57.260Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-10-16T16:37:05.472Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-10-16T16:37:07.932Z]	<burn>	q+ regarding VC update
[2018-10-16T16:37:10.672Z]	<kimhd>	q+ burn
[2018-10-16T16:38:21.778Z]	<achughes>	manu: the natural place to work on method spec is the ccg
[2018-10-16T16:38:49.238Z]	<kimhd>	ack burn
[2018-10-16T16:38:52.412Z]	<kimhd>	ack burn
[2018-10-16T16:39:19.874Z]	<achughes>	burn: Verifiable Credentials update - lots of people at W3C are not aware of the vc work at all - has been quiet, people not sure of status
[2018-10-16T16:39:36.205Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-10-16T16:39:44.155Z]	<achughes>	burn: Might consider doing a separate breakout on verifiable claims - as long as it does not compete with did wg
[2018-10-16T16:40:02.805Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-10-16T16:40:20.237Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Suggests that the verifiable claims primer really helps people engage
[2018-10-16T16:40:34.526Z]	<heathervescent>	me/ sounds like this is a press/promotions problem...
[2018-10-16T16:40:44.972Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: The ccg could hold some of the primers
[2018-10-16T16:40:55.193Z]	<manu>	q+ to ask "among membership"?
[2018-10-16T16:41:06.478Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-10-16T16:41:11.753Z]	<stonematt>	heathervescent yes re: press/promotion challenge.
[2018-10-16T16:41:19.823Z]	<stonematt>	q+
[2018-10-16T16:41:22.038Z]	<Lionel_2>	All this socializing at TPAC, would a T-Shirt help? I know DIDs and VCs, and all I got was this lousy t-shirt
[2018-10-16T16:41:29.653Z]	<achughes>	manu: Dan - is the sense that the W3C membership is unaware? or the general public?
[2018-10-16T16:41:32.914Z]	<heathervescent>	If only there was someone in the community who was good doing that? ;-)
[2018-10-16T16:41:33.000Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-10-16T16:41:34.035Z]	<kimhd>	ack stonematt
[2018-10-16T16:41:49.296Z]	<Lionel_2>	I would love a T-shirt saying Data Minimization, Selective Disclosure, Progressive Trust
[2018-10-16T16:42:07.942Z]	<manu>	q+ to note why that is usually said.
[2018-10-16T16:42:12.704Z]	<achughes>	stonematt: During a meeting last week - unlike the ccg work on DIDs, there’s less blogging and public work on verifiable credentials - so vcs are a bit under the radar
[2018-10-16T16:42:47.856Z]	<achughes>	stonematt: the VC WG needs to keep public visibility of the data model in mind
[2018-10-16T16:42:49.893Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-10-16T16:42:56.084Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-10-16T16:43:25.239Z]	<Lionel_2>	Maybe with a binary joke: Ask me about these 110 words: Data Minimization, Selective Disclosure, Progressive Trust
[2018-10-16T16:43:31.719Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: VC WG - concurs that visibility might be lower - but verifiable credentials are the next big piece of work after DIDs
[2018-10-16T16:43:39.942Z]	<mike-lodder>	protocol
[2018-10-16T16:43:46.299Z]	<mike-lodder>	q+
[2018-10-16T16:43:47.837Z]	<manu>	+1 to mike-lodder
[2018-10-16T16:43:47.915Z]	<stonematt>	+1 protocol
[2018-10-16T16:44:06.624Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-10-16T16:44:07.046Z]	<stonematt>	q+
[2018-10-16T16:44:14.019Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-10-16T16:44:14.060Z]	<burn>	q+ to mention charter conversation at TPAC
[2018-10-16T16:44:17.720Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Should map out the schedule of which topics ccg might work on when
[2018-10-16T16:44:50.960Z]	<achughes>	manu: W3C staff probably want more blog post material - problem might be that the proof of concepts work are not public
[2018-10-16T16:45:17.761Z]	<achughes>	manu: There’s lots of traction with verifiable credentials and DIDs - but it’s not obvious from the outside
[2018-10-16T16:45:49.814Z]	<achughes>	manu: When the verifiable credentials WG ends (spring 2019) - we can make lots of noise about the work
[2018-10-16T16:46:23.302Z]	<stonematt>	manu can you post a link to that news/announcement?
[2018-10-16T16:46:23.880Z]	<kimhd>	Nate Otto and I will be able to make noise about VCs via EDU/OCC use cases, and our work is public
[2018-10-16T16:46:35.146Z]	<achughes>	manu: US Government says that DIDs/Verifiable Credentials are necessary to do trade with US
[2018-10-16T16:46:40.512Z]	<ChristopherA>	Many, URL?
[2018-10-16T16:46:41.915Z]	<heathervescent>	CBP has said they are using DIDs and VCs are a part of the next generation solution. If you want to trade with the United States, you will have to use DIDs and VCs.
[2018-10-16T16:46:49.719Z]	<achughes>	manu: there were 35+ press releases around this
[2018-10-16T16:47:17.545Z]	<heathervescent>	q+
[2018-10-16T16:47:22.253Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-10-16T16:47:30.794Z]	<achughes>	manu: The timing of spec development versus press awareness is normally disjointed
[2018-10-16T16:48:10.733Z]	<achughes>	manu: next-generation-evolution of specs like verifiable credentials typically goes back into community groups (like the ccg)
[2018-10-16T16:48:11.565Z]	<mike-lodder>	q-
[2018-10-16T16:48:24.002Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: time check
[2018-10-16T16:48:50.177Z]	<kimhd>	ack stonematt
[2018-10-16T16:49:00.214Z]	<ChristopherA>	And we should add that VC transition to CCG slides
[2018-10-16T16:49:38.434Z]	<achughes>	stonematt: Noted to the W3C staff - the charter of the WG is constrained to only the data model - but the magic sucess ingredient is DIDs and Protocols
[2018-10-16T16:49:49.016Z]	<kimhd>	ack burn
[2018-10-16T16:49:57.537Z]	<achughes>	stonematt: So the VC work has to be told in the whole, not as the atomic parts
[2018-10-16T16:50:17.151Z]	<achughes>	burn: the Verifiable Credentials WG will be discussing their charter at TPAC - there are continuation options
[2018-10-16T16:50:27.033Z]	<stonematt>	hopefully you'll all be in that discussion :)
[2018-10-16T16:50:28.925Z]	<kimhd>	ack heathervescent
[2018-10-16T16:50:31.654Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-10-16T16:51:04.401Z]	<achughes>	heathervescent: Regarding promotion of the topics - many of us are technical - press and others take control over the narrative if this community does not put the story out there
[2018-10-16T16:51:27.078Z]	<achughes>	heathervescent: This community doesn’t like financially supporting non-technical work
[2018-10-16T16:51:57.094Z]	<stonematt>	+1 to heathervescent commentary about supporting the megaphone
[2018-10-16T16:52:04.896Z]	<manu>	Perhaps we can do bounties for marketing, PR?
[2018-10-16T16:52:06.883Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-10-16T16:52:21.074Z]	<achughes>	heathervescent: For example the SSI report is a big piece of work that supports things like PR and Marketing and outreach
[2018-10-16T16:52:41.654Z]	<kimhd>	Amen, we absolutely need to be communicating our work in compelling, human readable ways.
[2018-10-16T16:52:43.404Z]	<achughes>	heathervescent: Wants this community to control the narrative
[2018-10-16T16:52:59.043Z]	<manu>	+1 -- so, we need to figure out how to fund that.... the vehicle.
[2018-10-16T16:52:59.094Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-10-16T16:53:15.441Z]	<heathervescent>	q+ reply
[2018-10-16T16:53:35.634Z]	<manu>	q+ heather
[2018-10-16T16:53:41.243Z]	<manu>	q- reply
[2018-10-16T16:53:47.414Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-10-16T16:53:51.214Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: heathervescent has floated the idea of open-sourcing the SSI report if there is sufficient financial support
[2018-10-16T16:54:15.619Z]	<kimhd>	ack heather
[2018-10-16T16:54:18.004Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-10-16T16:54:42.174Z]	<achughes>	heathervescent: Has privately floated the idea of bounties - also creating updates to the SSI report, podcasts, other media - needs financial support
[2018-10-16T16:55:24.457Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Feedback on charter
[2018-10-16T16:55:31.753Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter
[2018-10-16T16:55:45.920Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-10-16T16:56:01.366Z]	<heathervescent>	@bigbluehat yes that is the theory.
[2018-10-16T16:56:13.434Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-wg-proposal/
[2018-10-16T16:56:28.460Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-wg-proposal/
[2018-10-16T16:56:37.523Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-wg-charter/
[2018-10-16T16:56:39.039Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: the second link is the correct one - DID WG Proposal that will be discussed at TPAC
[2018-10-16T16:56:43.442Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-10-16T16:56:47.419Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-10-16T16:57:01.540Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2018-10-16T16:57:10.153Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrrieu
[2018-10-16T16:57:10.193Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: the did-wg-charter url is the correct one
[2018-10-16T16:57:20.319Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-10-16T16:57:21.518Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: There were 2 issues he knows of
[2018-10-16T16:57:38.981Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-10-16T16:57:44.835Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: ‘machines’ cannot ‘own’ anything - the first paragraph states that machines can own DIDS
[2018-10-16T16:57:48.553Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-10-16T16:57:55.913Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: there is a github issue on this
[2018-10-16T16:58:07.002Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-10-16T16:58:08.154Z]	<burn>	+1 to control
[2018-10-16T16:58:16.783Z]	<achughes>	manu: Thought that all the ‘owner’ statements were replaced by ‘controller’
[2018-10-16T16:58:23.892Z]	<kimhd>	Machines don't own things: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/4
[2018-10-16T16:58:33.056Z]	<achughes>	manu: The web of things and IoT community wanted ‘owner’ in there specfically
[2018-10-16T16:58:38.243Z]	<Lionel_2>	LOL
[2018-10-16T16:58:39.719Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-10-16T16:58:43.575Z]	<heathervescent>	Love that Manu - Machines are people too.
[2018-10-16T16:58:52.803Z]	<Lionel_2>	Don't put the car before the horse.
[2018-10-16T16:58:54.056Z]	<achughes>	manu: JoeAndrieu was OK with change to ‘controls’ and that should satisfy the WoT group
[2018-10-16T16:58:58.502Z]	<kimhd>	DID resolution: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/2
[2018-10-16T16:59:25.500Z]	<burn>	This has always been the point:  we are talking about identifiers, not identities.  No ownership, just control over.
[2018-10-16T16:59:29.093Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: We need to communicate the ‘control’ preference over ‘owner’ words
[2018-10-16T16:59:31.672Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-10-16T16:59:40.618Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-10-16T16:59:58.333Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: ccg needs to communicate the reasons for this
[2018-10-16T17:00:19.372Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: Marcus’ DID Resolution - needs a separate section for this
[2018-10-16T17:00:24.739Z]	<Lionel_2>	Manu: You were looking for a volunteer, I am not clear what it was for...
[2018-10-16T17:00:29.251Z]	<dlongley>	maybe more language about how DIDs are identifiers that are designed to better express independent existence of individuals, orgs, machines, etc .... instead of strongly binding them to unrelated services (that might be better in the spec than the charter though)
[2018-10-16T17:00:31.339Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: will follow up by email
[2018-10-16T17:00:32.519Z]	<Lionel_2>	Thanks Kim!
[2018-10-16T17:00:35.805Z]	<achughes>	meeting adjourned
[2018-10-16T17:00:39.130Z]	<stonematt>	bye all
[2018-10-16T17:04:22.836Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2018-10-16T17:04:52.180Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 1a0
[2018-10-16T17:04:56.357Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 1b2
