[Tue 11:04:50] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Apr/0043.html
[Tue 11:04:50] <manu>	scribe: gkellogg
[Tue 11:05:22] <voip-vctf>	16789329012 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000135] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:28] <burn>	voip: 135 is DanBurnett
[Tue 11:05:28] <voip-vctf>	Associated DanBurnett with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000135.
[Tue 11:05:51] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000137] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:03] *	jasonweaver (~jasonweaver@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:06:23] <manu>	Topic: Credentials Transparency Initiative Alignment
[Tue 11:07:21] <gkellogg>	dlongley: We discovered that VCTF and Credentials CG and CTI have different but complementary scopes. we want to be sure terminology is alligned. We determined that we differ from CTI.
[Tue 11:08:00] <gkellogg>	… The VCTF is focused on modeling a claim for person awarded thing on date, where CTI describes a set of things that might be awarded.
[Tue 11:08:46] <manu>	q+ to ask how this affects the data model
[Tue 11:08:46] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:08:49] <gkellogg>	… VCTF makes claims that a person holds a degree (eg).. CTI says that a certificate is a credential and there’s no concept of a claim. They just model different types of certificates.
[Tue 11:09:04] *	erkorb_rm (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:09:21] <gkellogg>	… Unfortunately, that means the term “Credential” is in conflict. From VCTF, the term “Credential” in CTI is more like a certificate type.
[Tue 11:09:23] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:09:24] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to ask how this affects the data model).
[Tue 11:09:37] <ShaneM>	q+ to ask about how this will work with the other W3C inititives
[Tue 11:09:37] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: ShaneM
[Tue 11:09:57] <erkorb_rm>	ack Korb re:CTI Credential
[Tue 11:10:03] <gkellogg>	manu: We’re just raising this as an issue. We’ll meet on Friday to discuss ways forward.
[Tue 11:10:29] <voip-vctf>	kaspar [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000013b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:31] <voip-vctf>	Rob Trainer [SIP/71.121.234.111-0000013c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:38] <gkellogg>	… THe key thing is that the actual data may be using the word “Credential” in three different ways.
[Tue 11:10:43] <voip-vctf>	19082515136 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000013d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:48] *	manu apologizes to ShaneM - just saw him on the queue.
[Tue 11:11:01] <manu>	voip: 13d is EricKorb
[Tue 11:11:01] <voip-vctf>	Associated EricKorb with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000013d.
[Tue 11:11:10] <voip-vctf>	Rob Trainer [SIP/71.121.234.111-0000013c] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:11:17] <voip-vctf>	Rob Trainer [SIP/71.121.234.111-0000013e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:11:31] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:11:31] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000128], ShaneM [SIP/callcentric.com-0000012b], BrianSletten [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000012a], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.174-0000012c], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-0000012d], Rebecca [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000012e], DavidEzell [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000130], Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000131], Erik [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000133], unknown [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000134], DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000135], jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000137], kaspar [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000013b], EricKorb [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000013d], Rob Trainer [SIP/71.121.234.111-0000013e].
[Tue 11:11:44] <gkellogg>	Stuart: CTI has also been struggling with these definitions. We’re dealing with a broad set of concerns. The language used across the is used in different ways. FOr organizations, things holders have, and the relation between two things.
[Tue 11:11:56] <voip-vctf>	17329799812 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000013f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:12:11] <gkellogg>	… It’s inherently confusing in the wild. When we talk about it on Friday, we need to come up with something that will resonate with the community.
[Tue 11:12:33] *	BillDeL (~chatzilla@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:12:34] <gkellogg>	… CTI’s been watching VCTF.
[Tue 11:12:47] <manu>	ack ShaneM 
[Tue 11:12:47] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor (to ask about how this will work with the other W3C inititives).
[Tue 11:12:56] <manu>	q?
[Tue 11:12:57] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:13:08] *	manu ShaneM your audio is choppy - can understand you... but choppy
[Tue 11:13:18] <gkellogg>	ShaneM: There are other W3C activities that use Credential as well, that are in conflict with our usage.
[Tue 11:13:21] <voip-vctf>	BillDeL [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000140] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:13:57] <dlongley>	we believe we're using the most commonly used version of "credential" by using the dictionary definition
[Tue 11:13:59] <gkellogg>	manu: Based on the way the spec is now, we use the dictionary definition for Credential and Claim. “A Credential is composed of a set of Claims”.
[Tue 11:14:34] <manu>	topic: Review of Questionnaire Status
[Tue 11:14:57] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM [SIP/callcentric.com-0000012b] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:14:58] <gkellogg>	manu: Last week, we had 18-20 responses. This week, we have 35 responses, so we’re gaining!
[Tue 11:15:36] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-00000141] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:15:46] <ShaneM>	voip: 141 is ShaneM
[Tue 11:15:46] <voip-vctf>	Associated ShaneM with SIP/callcentric.com-00000141.
[Tue 11:15:48] <gkellogg>	… We’ll ask again to weigh in this week. The responses so far are very positive. We’ve already surpassed the number needed by W3C, but we’d like 20 organizations saying they’ll participate in the work; we have 15 now.
[Tue 11:16:03] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM [SIP/callcentric.com-00000141] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:16:29] <gkellogg>	… I know there are at least 10 companies that are interested, but haven’t yet responded.
[Tue 11:16:44] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-00000142] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:17:13] <manu>	Topic: Verifiable Claims Data Model Specification
[Tue 11:17:37] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/identity-credentials/
[Tue 11:17:57] <gkellogg>	burn: Basically, there was an original CG spec that included a number of different items. At a minimum, we need to restrict it down to the data model spec. We’ve talked about both data model and syntax, but we may have to fiddle with the word “syntax".
[Tue 11:18:27] <gkellogg>	… We have a logical data model and representations in different languages (JSON, JSON-LD, WebIDL). These are all different languages in which the data model may be specified.
[Tue 11:18:48] <manu>	q+ to note that W3C Members have asked for this document - it's a goldilocks spec - not too simple, not too detailed, just right to start a WG
[Tue 11:18:48] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:18:58] <ShaneM>	as a model
[Tue 11:18:59] <gkellogg>	… The plan is to create such a document, and use as example representations, some examples from the Web Payment groups that do something similar.
[Tue 11:19:23] <manu>	ack manu 
[Tue 11:19:23] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note that W3C Members have asked for this document - it's a goldilocks spec - not too simple, not too detailed, just right to start a WG).
[Tue 11:19:34] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000143] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:19:57] *	ShaneM gives up - moving to actual phone
[Tue 11:20:06] <gkellogg>	manu: I wanted to mention that this spec… W3C told us to _not_ provide a spec, because it could be a distraction. However, from the responses, we’ve learned that a number of large members need to see a spec.
[Tue 11:20:32] <gkellogg>	… Shane mention that this is a “Goldilocks spec” to try to drive the middle ground.
[Tue 11:20:58] <gkellogg>	… We believe this is part of the package the W3C Membership expects and will help stave-off objections.
[Tue 11:21:02] <burn>	Web payments core messages spec:  http://w3c.github.io/webpayments/proposals/core-messages/
[Tue 11:21:07] <gkellogg>	… Thanks to Dan to step up and create the doc.
[Tue 11:21:42] <gkellogg>	… Once we have it, we’ll need to be sure it’s aligned with our work over the last 2 years. We need to be sure we have teh orgs that will implement and deploy say it’s going in the right direction.
[Tue 11:21:47] <voip-vctf>	16122174726 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000144] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:22:01] <ShaneM>	voip: 144 is ShaneM
[Tue 11:22:01] <voip-vctf>	Associated ShaneM with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000144.
[Tue 11:22:36] <gkellogg>	Dan: expect to do this in the next 2 weeks.
[Tue 11:22:52] <ShaneM>	exactly
[Tue 11:22:58] <gkellogg>	… Shane’s already dumped in sections from other specs that may be useful.
[Tue 11:23:06] <manu>	Topic: One page W3C AC Rep Summary
[Tue 11:23:30] <gkellogg>	manu: Feedback was that we overloaded them with infrormation in the Use Cases.
[Tue 11:23:52] <voip-vctf>	kaspar [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000145] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:24:22] <gkellogg>	… people have asked for a 1-page doc with specific things. We discussed in the WPIG about the suggested content needed to sign off, and we think this is one of those pieces.
[Tue 11:24:25] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-00000142] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:24:54] <gkellogg>	… Shane, dlongley, and myself are on the hook to do this.
[Tue 11:25:10] <erkorb_rm>	korb to help
[Tue 11:25:28] <ShaneM>	or help with the FAQ??  We should get this done in the next two weeks IMHO
[Tue 11:25:32] <gkellogg>	… Timeframe is ASAP, we’re blocking the process right now.
[Tue 11:26:25] <gkellogg>	… The other issue is that we’re all overloaded right now, but based on workload, that will be pretty hard.
[Tue 11:27:45] <ShaneM>	I have not - but I am not sure how valuable a spec-ops opinion on this is.
[Tue 11:28:09] <gkellogg>	… About 7 people from the IG have filled out the form, the rest are education, healthcare and other things not related to the IG needs.
[Tue 11:28:15] <manu>	Topic: Charter Cleanup
[Tue 11:29:03] <gkellogg>	manu: We’re waiting on questionaire feedback, but people haven’t complained on the charter. Mostly, it’s been the need for simpler language, make it clear that it’s not required to be implemented in the browser, and that we’re starting off with a spec of some kind.
[Tue 11:29:52] <gkellogg>	… We’ve had two strong disagreements over charter and that we’re duplicating work in ISO or IETF.
[Tue 11:30:05] <manu>	Topic: Use Case Reviews
[Tue 11:30:42] <gkellogg>	ShaneM: Steven has one review in...
[Tue 11:32:46] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/use-cases/
[Tue 11:32:54] <gkellogg>	manu: those are the complete use cases, the second is the abbreviated set.
[Tue 11:33:26] <gkellogg>	manu: Main review we need is to be sure use cases align with the charter.
[Tue 11:34:04] <gkellogg>	… Send an email in to credentials or VCTF mailing lists and copy text you want to comment on.
[Tue 11:34:57] <gkellogg>	… We’ll try to wrap up the questionare next week. Please fill it out if you haven’t yet.
[Tue 11:35:27] <manu>	Link to questionnaire: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1wS32QHfxeqVu32LyZt57fVjqnywdET2ytLcaHhVxbFY/viewform
[Tue 11:35:27] <manu>	Present+ Lehn, kaspar, delorenzo, weaver, trainer, sletten, simmons, ezell, erik, 
[Tue 11:36:05] <voip-vctf>	Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.174-0000012c] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:06] <voip-vctf>	Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000131] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:07] <voip-vctf>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-0000012d] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:07] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000143] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:09] <voip-vctf>	kaspar [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000145] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:09] <voip-vctf>	BillDeL [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000140] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:10] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000137] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:10] <voip-vctf>	Rob Trainer [SIP/71.121.234.111-0000013e] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:12] <voip-vctf>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000128] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:19] *	Stuart has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:36:21] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:36:21] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: BrianSletten [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000012a], Rebecca [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000012e], DavidEzell [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000130], Erik [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000133], unknown [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000134], DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000135], kaspar [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000013b], EricKorb [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000013d], 17329799812 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000013f], ShaneM [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000144].
[Tue 11:36:24] <manu>	voip: disconnect 12a
[Tue 11:36:24] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting BrianSletten [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000012a].
[Tue 11:36:24] <voip-vctf>	BrianSletten [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000012a] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:24] *	BillDeL has quit ("ChatZilla 0.9.92 [Firefox 44.0.2/20160210153822]")
[Tue 11:36:26] <manu>	voip: disconnect 12e
[Tue 11:36:26] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting Rebecca [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000012e].
[Tue 11:36:26] <voip-vctf>	Rebecca [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000012e] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:27] *	Kaspar has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:36:28] <manu>	voip: disconnect 130
[Tue 11:36:28] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting DavidEzell [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000130].
[Tue 11:36:28] <voip-vctf>	DavidEzell [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000130] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:30] <manu>	voip: disconnect 133
[Tue 11:36:30] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting Erik [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000133].
[Tue 11:36:30] <voip-vctf>	Erik [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000133] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:32] <manu>	voip: disconnect 134
[Tue 11:36:34] <manu>	voip: disconnect 135
[Tue 11:36:34] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000135].
[Tue 11:36:34] <voip-vctf>	DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000135] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:37] <manu>	voip: disconnect 13b
[Tue 11:36:37] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting kaspar [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000013b].
[Tue 11:36:37] <voip-vctf>	kaspar [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000013b] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:39] *	burn has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:36:39] <manu>	voip: disconnect 13d
[Tue 11:36:39] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting EricKorb [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000013d].
[Tue 11:36:39] <voip-vctf>	EricKorb [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000013d] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:41] <manu>	voip: disconnect 13f
[Tue 11:36:41] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting 17329799812 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000013f].
[Tue 11:36:41] <voip-vctf>	17329799812 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000013f] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:43] *	jasonweaver has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:36:44] <manu>	voip: disconnect 144
[Tue 11:36:44] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting ShaneM [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000144].
[Tue 11:36:44] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000144] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:36:44] <voip-vctf>	No one is in the conference.
[Tue 11:36:45] *	voip-vctf has quit ("Shutting down...")
[Tue 11:38:45] *	Disconnected (Remote host closed socket).
