[Tue 11:05:04] <manu>	scribe: dlongley
[Tue 11:05:08] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Jun/0000.html
[Tue 11:05:23] <voip-cr>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000255] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:39] <dlongley>	manu: We've had a bump in the road in far as the Credentials WG is concerned, so we'll discuss that.
[Tue 11:05:54] <dlongley>	manu: Then the other items on the agenda.
[Tue 11:05:59] <dlongley>	manu: Any other changes to the agenda?
[Tue 11:06:04] <dlongley>	none
[Tue 11:06:06] <manu>	Topic: Credentials WG Charter and WPIG
[Tue 11:06:23] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xfdzFahQpaQKGL4aOvePlIdsJO6Q5OJkPgSIxtUx9Vc/edit
[Tue 11:06:25] <dlongley>	manu: If folks have seen, there have been a number of comments on the Credentials WG charter.
[Tue 11:06:49] <dlongley>	manu: The comments to pay attention to in particular are by Ian Jacobs. He's the W3C staff contact. He's in charge of putting together the official charter that will go up for a vote.
[Tue 11:07:18] <dlongley>	manu: His mandate seems to be from the W3C CEO and the domain lead. Which is the payments activity domain. It seems to be about making credentials as narrowly focused on payments as possible.
[Tue 11:07:40] <dlongley>	manu: At first he said it would be nearly impossible to get anything focused on education, etc. through that didn't mention/focus on payments.
[Tue 11:08:03] <NateOtto>	Thanks for raising those objections, manu & dlongley
[Tue 11:08:26] <dlongley>	manu: So we said it's nice that you want a focused charter but the payments folks haven't been the ones doing the work or the deploys of experimental tech or anything today. So writing a charter that's focused on payments and not education, etc. then that would cause a problem with the gruops involved today.
[Tue 11:08:42] <manu>	Credentials presentation for Web Payments face-to-face in NYC: https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/FTF_June2015/Credentials
[Tue 11:08:43] <dlongley>	manu: We're trying to figure out the conflict and what the F2F presentation on credentials will be about.
[Tue 11:09:43] <dlongley>	manu: I was asked to put together a presentation that focuses primarily on payments credentials to bring the payments group up to speed because they haven't talked credentials at all until like last week. So they are way behind the curve with respect to what we're doing here. They believe that working on credentials for education and healthcare would present an entirely different solution than for payments. So they don't understand the unified tech we've been putting together here.
[Tue 11:09:50] <dlongley>	manu: So a lot of education needs to happen.
[Tue 11:10:15] <dlongley>	manu: We're trying to figure out a way to get a charter written such that it gets buy in from W3C staff, CEO, and membership that care about payments but also doesn't alienate the education and healthcare sector.
[Tue 11:10:51] <dlongley>	manu: What we need from this group is some fairly loud voices... or some fairly strong statements about your organization believes the charter should focus on. Should it focus on education, healthcare, payments, or balance all of those, or what.
[Tue 11:11:23] <dlongley>	manu: Right now it's just me saying what I think this group believes in general which has been that the same solution works in all the verticals and we shouldn't just focus on a particular vertical. We have and need a unified solution.
[Tue 11:11:29] <dlongley>	manu: But they are just hearing it from me, not from anyone else.
[Tue 11:12:41] <dlongley>	richard: I always thought this was attractive being inside the payments work. We can lead with payments thinking, but we can do it where there aren't so many players here in other verticals so we can further. We are going to pilot it with education and healthcare and you can see how it would work with web payments more effectively with credentials. I thought that was our pitch?
[Tue 11:12:46] <dlongley>	manu: That's exactly right, and that's our pitch.
[Tue 11:12:51] <dlongley>	richard: Who is pushing back?
[Tue 11:13:00] <NateOtto>	That's a great pitch. The nontraditional education market is ready and itching to experiment.
[Tue 11:13:05] <dlongley>	manu: So the pushback is coming from the W3C staff and a couple of folks in the financial industry.
[Tue 11:13:39] <dlongley>	manu: I believe it's because they don't understand what we have here, they haven't been keeping themselves up to date with what we've been doing and they don't understand its full impact. And because of that they can't understand how what we're doing in healthcare/education can work in payments.
[Tue 11:13:49] <dlongley>	manu: We need you to say that exact same thing from someone who isn't me.
[Tue 11:13:56] <dlongley>	manu: They need to hear it from you and from Accreditrust, etc.
[Tue 11:14:15] <dlongley>	Nate: Should we be sharing these comments on that charter document or is there a better place?
[Tue 11:15:15] <dlongley>	manu: I thought this group, ETS, Accreditrust, etc. would review a charter doc from Ian and discuss there. But Ian said he doesn't believe we're at the point we can write a charter to even get comments on. He also said he thinks the charter we've put together wouldn't fly at W3C. But I don't think he knows the whole picture yet.
[Tue 11:15:31] <dlongley>	manu: I think the wiki page may be one of the places we could do it, I think the credentials W3C charter may be another place to put in feedback.
[Tue 11:16:04] <mediaprophet>	does the payments use of credentials include a signed digital receipt?  ie: capacity to embed information about the purchase?
[Tue 11:16:13] <dlongley>	manu: So I'm saying I dont' know where feedback should go right now, but I'm starting to think that we should really have a call between Ian, the staff domain lead for payments, EriK Andersen and Bloomberg, Richard, Eric, Sunny and Nate, put everyone on the call and get them to hear we don't think it's the right direction from someone other than m.e
[Tue 11:16:26] <dlongley>	manu: I think that's the best bet later this week or early next week.
[Tue 11:16:35] *	dlongley mediaprophet: we're on a call at the moment
[Tue 11:16:44] <mediaprophet>	i’m on IRC
[Tue 11:16:46] <dlongley>	richard: I think that will work, maybe friday.
[Tue 11:16:49] <Eric>	+1 Korb too
[Tue 11:16:55] <SunnyLee>	works for me
[Tue 11:17:01] <SunnyLee>	depends on time
[Tue 11:17:03] <SunnyLee>	though
[Tue 11:17:11] *	dlongley mediaprophet: we're scribing the call here on IRC i mean.
[Tue 11:17:16] <voip-cr>	16092160944 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000256] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:17:20] *	dlongley what you're typing will go into the minutes.
[Tue 11:17:54] <mediaprophet>	i mean, i haven’t dialed in; but was participating via IRC in anycase.  let me know if you’d prefer me to simply observe.
[Tue 11:17:58] *	gkellogg_ (~gkellogg@cpe-172-89-103-137.socal.res.rr.com) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:17:58] <dlongley>	SunnyLee: Since you have the most experience with the folks at the W3C, could you tell us what the precedence is here... a CG wants to get formalized and W3C pushes back, do a lot of negotations happen?
[Tue 11:18:02] <dlongley>	manu: Yes.
[Tue 11:18:18] *	dlongley mediaprophet oh ok, that's fine, i didn't read it, just looekd off topic
[Tue 11:18:33] <dlongley>	manu: I want to be very clear, they are listening and they always take a broad set of input into account.
[Tue 11:18:49] <dlongley>	manu: W3C wants to make sure that they are demonstrating leadership and whatever they end up chartering will end up successful and quickly.
[Tue 11:18:55] <dlongley>	manu: Not drawn out for 5-10 years.
[Tue 11:18:56] <mediaprophet>	If the specification is to apply specifically to payments; what do they consider to be the specified role of credentials; for any form of payments related use-case.
[Tue 11:18:59] <dlongley>	manu: That's why they are pushing back.
[Tue 11:19:03] <voip-cr>	Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.172-00000257] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:19:09] <mediaprophet>	ie: university degree is economically recgonised by way of a certificate.
[Tue 11:19:12] <dlongley>	manu: The best way to make it successful is to tie it to an activity that is moving forward rapidly.
[Tue 11:19:28] <voip-cr>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000258] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:19:33] <voip-cr>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000258] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:19:41] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:19:41] <voip-cr>	Conference participants are: Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.2-0000024b], Richard [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000024e], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000024f], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000250], Eric [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000252], David I. Lehn [SIP/10.0.0.7-00000253], Sunny [SIP/142.136.76.105-00000254], Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000255], 16092160944 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000256], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.172-00000257].
[Tue 11:19:42] <dlongley>	manu: They are pushing back because they feel that there is a better way to go about this. They haven't heard from people that aren't payments folks and don't understand the idea of the deploying in education+healthcare sectors first.
[Tue 11:19:52] <dlongley>	SunnyLee: That makes sense, thank you.
[Tue 11:19:59] <manu>	voip: 256 is Eric
[Tue 11:20:00] <voip-cr>	Associated Eric with SIP/69.71.222.196-00000256.
[Tue 11:20:04] <mediaprophet>	I think healthcare is a particularly sensitive field.
[Tue 11:20:12] *	dlongley manu -- questions from Tim Holborn in IRC
[Tue 11:20:33] <dlongley>	manu: Everyone should have the expectation of a fairly chaotic call, but should be thought of an educational call.
[Tue 11:20:47] <mediaprophet>	in a WebID-TLS FOAF id for example; FOAF is used to denote a number of references.
[Tue 11:21:09] <mediaprophet>	Webpayments/opencreds would reasaonably require the capacity to provide a verified reciept.
[Tue 11:21:24] <mediaprophet>	therein; appears like the debate is about ontologies.  or have i missed something?
[Tue 11:21:41] <dlongley>	richard: You're pitching this as an "either-or" and I thought it was a "yes-and". That we'd be riding along with the payments work and it would all be symbiotic. I don't object to someone getting going on payments, I'd rather join their effort than get in the way.
[Tue 11:21:56] <dlongley>	manu: If you'd notice there are no payments people in the credentials CG (other than DB)
[Tue 11:22:41] <dlongley>	manu: I think we have a minority, but they're loud. I think all the people that really care about this right now are in healthcare and education. We want to say this stuff is really important for payments and also education and healthcare. The first deployments will be in education and healthcare and finance will likely follow.
[Tue 11:22:52] <Eric>	add insurance
[Tue 11:23:08] <dlongley>	manu: We have three different market verticals interested, and education/healthcare, ETS, Accreditrust, Badge Alliance, others we're talking to want to move quickly.
[Tue 11:23:28] <voip-cr>	61394576884 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000259] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:23:36] <mediaprophet>	is business applications of technology within the scope of specificiations definition?
[Tue 11:24:16] <dlongley>	manu: In the finance space, they aren't moving as quickly in that sector because their pain points aren't the same. I think flipping it so payments has to be done first and then education+healthcare is backwards. I think we can come up with the same solution for all the verticals and we can be fairly focused in doing it and the solution is aligned between the industries. If it turns out we're somehow wrong (weren't not) we will have to change what we're doing, but I think we can move forward liek that.
[Tue 11:24:31] <manu>	voip: 259 is Tim
[Tue 11:24:31] <voip-cr>	Associated Tim with SIP/69.71.222.196-00000259.
[Tue 11:24:57] <dlongley>	Richard: I would add to that, in our space there are people who talk about how to advance this and there are proprietary solutions that could move forward, in the financial space they have much bigger players that fight each other and it's harder to get a standard going.
[Tue 11:25:23] <dlongley>	Tim: What is the W3C's role in defining how the "washer" works (if the analog is talking about the parts for a washer)?
[Tue 11:25:45] <dlongley>	Tim: Isn't the credential itself just an extensible credential? What it's used for it doesn't really matter. It's a bit like a "washer" you put that on a bolt.
[Tue 11:25:52] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, that's right.
[Tue 11:26:03] <dlongley>	manu: We believe we have a generic solution that works for financial, healthcare, education.
[Tue 11:26:26] <manu>	dlongley: We believe we have that solution, but there are people in the Web Payments group that doesn't think that's workable.
[Tue 11:27:01] <dlongley>	Tim: I want to understand... where is the role of the W3C in defining how a tech may be used for any particular application. This conversation is about whether it be applied for a particular industry.
[Tue 11:28:02] <dlongley>	manu: The only reason it matters has to do with how quickly the work will happen. Working Groups need to be very focused and they try to pick an industry that would join the work and deploy the technology. They believe that the financial industry would join the work and deploy the tech. We're saying we're saying maybe to that, but we definitely think the education/healthcare sectors would join the work and deploy the tech.
[Tue 11:28:17] <dlongley>	manu: They are trying to create a charter to attract the right participants and to deploy the standard once it's done.
[Tue 11:28:59] <dlongley>	Tim: In the healthcare market, how does this relate to private healthcare records? In terms of banking or education infrastructure, the risk is far less than the misuse of personal information. I question the use in the healthcare sector.
[Tue 11:29:12] <dlongley>	Tim: I do question the use of the tech in that market.
[Tue 11:29:14] <NateOtto>	Tim, there are some easier use cases in health care that are particular to public information in the healthcare space, like the licenses of professionals
[Tue 11:29:34] <dlongley>	manu: I don't think we're going to healthcare records in version one. We're talking about licenses and workforce much more than patient records.
[Tue 11:29:48] <dlongley>	manu: I agree that patient records is a minefield and we don't plan on focusing on that in version one.
[Tue 11:29:59] <dlongley>	Tim: So it's better defined as professional licensing, etc. than medical.
[Tue 11:30:23] <manu>	dlongley: We should say something like "it's about professional licensing in healthcare"
[Tue 11:30:42] <manu>	Tim: We acknowledge the sensitivity of medical records and private data.
[Tue 11:31:16] <dlongley>	richard: Education has areas of privacy as well. Perhaps not equal with medical records. But our security requirements are no different from trying to protect data using HIPAA requirements.
[Tue 11:31:27] <dlongley>	richard: The security levels that end up getting implemented are very similar.
[Tue 11:31:36] <NateOtto>	Yep, mediaprophet, privacy of records is important to lots of our callers. We're interested in developing credentials that don't leak educational records even as we are using credentials to assert individuals have X or Y qualification or experience.
[Tue 11:31:58] <voip-cr>	victoriano [SIP/85.62.72.19-00000262] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:32:02] <dlongley>	Tim: I think someone's degree, providing a verified certificate that says you have a degree is within the realm of public data but going for medical data are very sensitive, private data.
[Tue 11:32:17] <dlongley>	richard: I think we're coming in at a lower level of risk, I agree, which is why it's a more attractive starting place.
[Tue 11:32:50] <dlongley>	Tim: There is also legislation and so forth that needs to be considered over time, not just standards, but it may affect decisions.
[Tue 11:33:09] <dlongley>	manu: I think this stuff is missing from W3C staff discussions, they need to know we're having these discussions and be aware of their particulars.
[Tue 11:33:30] *	victoriano (~vic@90.161.204.253) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:33:33] <dlongley>	manu: So we need to move on to other items on the agenda, this was a heads up and we'll get some kind of call so they can hear other voices.
[Tue 11:33:52] <dlongley>	Richard: Inviting them to the tuesday meeting is a backup.
[Tue 11:33:57] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, we've invited them many times.
[Tue 11:34:02] <dlongley>	Richard: Tell them "or else"! :)
[Tue 11:34:34] <NateOtto>	+1 let's add a payments use case; I have an idea for one particularly.
[Tue 11:34:40] <dlongley>	manu: One of the points they've made is that they've looked at the credentials use cases and I didn't see many payments use cases. They will not support any kind of initiative that doesn't have more payments use cases. I think we should add them right away.
[Tue 11:34:46] <voip-cr>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000263] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:34:47] <dlongley>	manu: I will go and try to add those in.
[Tue 11:34:53] <voip-cr>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000263] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:35:03] <manu>	Topic: Recruiting document
[Tue 11:35:20] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sIMtVYYCeMeuunv-4gsVsldGlWJZ1RyjmnxOVJEjXiE/edit
[Tue 11:35:50] <dlongley>	manu: We have a recruiting document that is being worked on right now. Brian and Joe have worked on this. Hopefully that's getting fairly close to done.
[Tue 11:36:28] <dlongley>	manu: Two weeks ago I sent out the recruiting doc for W3C members, I think I contacted 140 members. We have heard back from definite positives from around 10 of them. We have another 10 that said they will "more than likely" join the work but they have to pass it by legal and corporate.
[Tue 11:36:43] <dlongley>	manu: That easily puts us at the 5% support we need to get a WG. This is for our charter.
[Tue 11:36:52] <dlongley>	manu: These members said they were happy to support it.
[Tue 11:37:27] <dlongley>	manu: This just means we've met the minimum bar. So out of 140 only 20 responded ... the others didn't for one reason or another. I want to hand those others off to people in the group and ask them to do follow up.
[Tue 11:37:37] <dlongley>	manu: So we can say "Hey, we need your feedback"
[Tue 11:37:53] <dlongley>	manu: One downside is that W3C corporate contacts are generally overworked and they have a hard time responding to email.
[Tue 11:38:05] <dlongley>	manu: Richard, Eric, if you have someone who can do some follow up that would be great.
[Tue 11:38:12] <dlongley>	Eric: Me or Rob and do that.
[Tue 11:38:22] <dlongley>	manu: We might take like 20 orgs and divvy those out to each group.
[Tue 11:38:51] <dlongley>	Richard: I have like two or three people who volunteered to do some of that work. I have people, I'll assign it to a few.
[Tue 11:38:53] <dlongley>	manu: Fantastic.
[Tue 11:39:04] <dlongley>	manu: Anyone have anything else on recruiting?
[Tue 11:39:13] <dlongley>	Tim: There's some interest in the Melbourne market.
[Tue 11:39:37] <dlongley>	manu: If you could make sure they fill out the questionnaire that would be fantastic, we need them to do that to show it to W3C management to show support.
[Tue 11:39:51] <dlongley>	Tim: I haven't had time yet, if we can get analysis of their business problems we can do that.
[Tue 11:40:16] <dlongley>	manu: We have some of those documents already, the thing we're missing right now are orgs saying "Yes I will join the work or W3C to help with credentials" If we don't have that we won't have a group.
[Tue 11:40:19] <manu>	Topic: Credential Management API update
[Tue 11:40:20] <NateOtto>	Some of the Australian universities (Curtin, UQ, ANU, Deakin) might be interested.
[Tue 11:41:09] <dlongley>	manu: We have been talking with the webappsec group, the email thread is up to 132 emails going back and forth on various things. The chair stepped in and said they don't feel it's worth pursuing. The type of credential exchange we're outlining is far more involved and delicate than they wanted to touch. So speaking in his chair capacity he didn't see a resolution.
[Tue 11:41:35] <dlongley>	manu: The editor of the specification, came in and asked us for a further set of changes to the WebIDL (which is the interface definition language, what developers would program to)
[Tue 11:42:13] <dlongley>	manu: We've been saying the changes are minimal to that, to align with what we're doing. And he kind of contradicted what the chair was saying, and then the chair backpedaled a bit and said if we're making progress keep going.
[Tue 11:43:43] <dlongley>	manu: We have said "You've said your API is extensible, we have tried it and it's a problem." And they've said, it is, but not in the way you want. And we've said, take out the extensibility part then because we don't see how it's going to be useful to extend it if it can't do, for example, the kind of thing we want to do. Then we've asked what the real benefit is for their API at all if it can't do credentials stuff, only pass word management.
[Tue 11:44:08] <dlongley>	manu: The good thing is that they're not staking a claim on credentials, we could come to a conclusion where we rename their API to some login/password manager API, if we must.
[Tue 11:44:40] <manu>	Topic: Use Cases
[Tue 11:44:46] <dlongley>	manu: The end result for us is that we were hoping to chop a year and a half of work off by reusing an API, but they aren't chartered to work on the type of credentials we're working on here and it may not work out.
[Tue 11:44:47] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GySrTXAYpwa4vDPsGE3BMA42FwIAqAyLGigKuKUTGks/edit
[Tue 11:45:56] <dlongley>	Nate: Sunny, Kerri, and I all looked at the doc over the past week. I accepted a good handful of changes I thought were non-controversial. I added a few more. I took a stab at writing up one of those sections about "credentials in the real world", I went through a workforce training scenario and the different phases. I found that the payments stuff put a note when a particular phase wasn't used.
[Tue 11:46:01] <dlongley>	Nate: Should we do that here?
[Tue 11:46:03] <dlongley>	manu: Yes.
[Tue 11:46:48] <dlongley>	Nate: Some of the phases are slightly out of order, ... they depend on the type of use case. Endorsing/Consuming may happen in different orders, phases may happen at different times. Maybe in other scenarios farther down the page they would appear in different orders.
[Tue 11:47:10] <manu>	dlongley: I thought we had renamed phases to operations because the order can change.
[Tue 11:47:18] <manu>	Nate: That's right
[Tue 11:47:35] <manu>	dlongley: I think it's fine if it happens in a different order, that's how credentials work.
[Tue 11:47:45] <dlongley>	manu: Great work, very helpful.
[Tue 11:47:57] <dlongley>	Nate: I think in some places expiration/revoking were conflated/confusing.
[Tue 11:48:12] <dlongley>	manu: I saw that, so to clarify, you split those into two separate things?
[Tue 11:48:24] <dlongley>	Nate: One issue is resolved, and with the approval of the group we'll resolve the other remaining one.
[Tue 11:48:31] <dlongley>	Nate: Can we talk about web payments use cases to integrate?
[Tue 11:48:58] <dlongley>	Nate: I thought the operation around confirming the person whose identifier the credential is about is important for KYC.
[Tue 11:49:14] <dlongley>	Nate: I didn't know if it that was a step in the consuming operation or what.
[Tue 11:50:11] <dlongley>	manu: A step in the consuming operation, yes. When you transfer a credential to monster.com, etc. you counter sign it, as the recipient. That establishes that you, the recipient, one, authorize the transmission, and, two, you have a private key associated with the identity that received the credential.
[Tue 11:50:15] <dlongley>	manu: So that's a step in the operation.
[Tue 11:50:36] <dlongley>	Tim: How about digital receipts? You purchase and get a digital receipt with warranty operation.
[Tue 11:51:10] <dlongley>	manu: In the web payments group we're not thinking of receipts as credentials, just other kinds of signed documents, so no overlap there. In the payments stuff, coupons and loyalty cards are credentials.
[Tue 11:51:11] <Eric>	+1 Expiration and Revoking are separate items
[Tue 11:51:32] <NateOtto>	+1 add loyalty Credentials in the Real World use case
[Tue 11:51:42] <dlongley>	Tim: There's loyalty and coupons... two payments use cases we need in the document.
[Tue 11:51:45] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, we need to add those.
[Tue 11:52:39] <manu>	Use cases: https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/FTF_June2015/Credentials
[Tue 11:52:47] <dlongley>	richard: I thought there was associating a credential with a recipient, meta data with a credential, etc. all of these things were going to be spec'd out.
[Tue 11:52:52] <dlongley>	manu: Yes.
[Tue 11:53:00] <dlongley>	Tim: How about things that require licenses, like guns, cars, etc.?
[Tue 11:53:05] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, those are also payments use cases.
[Tue 11:53:07] <manu>	other web payments use cases: https://web-payments.org/specs/source/use-cases/
[Tue 11:53:09] <NateOtto>	Let's illustrate those items in the Credentials in the Real World section, I think, showing how things like identity equivalence and composition can work.
[Tue 11:53:35] <dlongley>	manu: Nate, there are more payments use cases in a really old doc. I'll get you a link.
[Tue 11:53:42] <manu>	Credentials / payments use cases: http://opencreds.org/specs/source/use-cases/
[Tue 11:54:14] <dlongley>	Tim: Another one might be someone pitching a creative work, they might want to present a credential related around acceptance.
[Tue 11:54:26] <Eric>	Q: is the web-payments wg addressing other financial instruments such as stocks and bonds?
[Tue 11:54:28] <dlongley>	manu: That is a use of a credential to establish ownership over intellectual property during commerce, which is good.
[Tue 11:54:47] <dlongley>	manu: The feedback we got from the payments people was that they didn't see enough payments use cases in the document and adding these will help fix that.
[Tue 11:54:48] <SunnyLee>	we used https://web-payments.org/specs/source/use-cases/ as a foundation and built off of that for current use cases doc
[Tue 11:54:58] <Eric>	that would be good for creds
[Tue 11:55:00] <SunnyLee>	so maybe need to go through https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/FTF_June2015/Credentials ?
[Tue 11:55:02] <NateOtto>	I'm going to have to drop off the audio in just a couple minutes. Looks like we have a good foundation to now flesh out to cover a number of these other cases.
[Tue 11:55:07] <Eric>	ownership
[Tue 11:55:10] <dlongley>	manu: Eric, those things will require credentials.
[Tue 11:55:26] <dlongley>	manu: If you're sending a lot of money overseas, you need a number of credentials, trading stocks, etc. same thing.
[Tue 11:55:27] <Eric>	transfer of ownership
[Tue 11:55:33] <Eric>	all creds
[Tue 11:55:33] <NateOtto>	manu, dlongley : I want to follow up with you on that "prove-you-are-the-credential-recipient" step in the consuming operation.
[Tue 11:55:53] <dlongley>	manu: This is mostly for Nate, Sunny, Kerri, we need to integrate those things into our use cases document.
[Tue 11:56:41] <dlongley>	SunnyLee: I wanted to say I'm half working with Nate and Kerri on the use cases document, but while we'll look at those links you provided we should have someone with payments experience to be involved.
[Tue 11:56:54] <dlongley>	manu: Excellent point, why don't I do that ... I'll take the action to migrate those things into the document.
[Tue 11:56:58] <dlongley>	Manu: Would that work better?
[Tue 11:57:15] <dlongley>	SunnyLee: Yes, absolutely.
[Tue 11:57:23] <dlongley>	Tim: I can help where I can.
[Tue 11:57:34] <dlongley>	manu: Thanks, Tim. You can suggest changes in the google doc.
[Tue 11:57:43] <dlongley>	Tim: Is there anything about buying a car?
[Tue 11:57:45] <dlongley>	manu: No.
[Tue 11:57:46] <NateOtto>	Cool. Thanks all. Dropping off audio now.
[Tue 11:57:47] <Eric>	cars in US is Title
[Tue 11:57:49] <voip-cr>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000255] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:58:00] <Eric>	known as "Title"
[Tue 11:58:01] <dlongley>	Tim: You've got gov't control over it and you can enter credentials to make that purchase easier.
[Tue 11:58:31] <dlongley>	manu: The other thing to make sure people understand with the use cases is that we don't have to implement *all* of them in version 1, we can implement some in other versions, but it's good to have them all.
[Tue 11:58:40] <dlongley>	manu: Any other questions/concerns about the use cases?
[Tue 11:58:48] <Eric>	US Titles are controlled by State
[Tue 11:58:53] <mediaprophet>	ie: purchasing a motor vehicle and using credentials to support the transferral of license and motor vehicle ownership information with the relevent agency.
[Tue 11:59:07] <dlongley>	manu: I'm going to schedule the call with W3C folks for friday. Hopefully a number of us will chat again with them then.
[Tue 11:59:10] <dlongley>	manu: Thanks all!
[Tue 11:59:19] <SunnyLee>	thanks all!
[Tue 11:59:19] <manu>	Present+ taaz, rob, victoriano, gregg
