[Tue 11:05:47] <m4nu>	scribe: mleuba
[Tue 11:05:54] <m4nu>	Agenda: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2014Nov/0002.html
[Tue 11:05:57] *	bsletten (4c0e7b79@gateway/web/freenode/ip.76.14.123.121) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:06:28] <mleuba>	Manu: Reviewed agenda, the W3CTPAC meeting.  Went really well.  Reviewing for those that could not attend.
[Tue 11:07:41] <mleuba>	Manu: Review the TPAC Meeting, Discuss Priorities, Learned a lot at the meeting.  A number of things will move quickly.  A lot of groups interested.
[Tue 11:07:54] <m4nu>	Topic: Review W3C TPAC Meeting
[Tue 11:08:00] <mleuba>	Manu: Any updates or changes to agenda? <none>
[Tue 11:08:02] <m4nu>	http://opencreds.org/minutes/2014-10-28/
[Tue 11:08:36] <mleuba>	Manu: These are public minutes.  Gave parties a week for corrections.  OK to share publicly now.
[Tue 11:09:00] <SunnyLee>	sounds good
[Tue 11:09:04] <m4nu>	http://opencreds.org/minutes/2014-10-28/
[Tue 11:10:13] <mleuba>	Manu: Everyone in Web Payments Interest Group were able to learn more about the CG.  Turnout was great.  Normally 12-15 persons, had between 38-48.  Fantastic, a lot of interest.
[Tue 11:11:24] <mleuba>	Manu: The Credentials Meeting had 15 participants, really good turnout.  Many more could not be there.  Folks from Deutsch Telekom, Verisign, Federal Reserve, Accreditrust, Target, Mozilla (Briefly), W3C standards.
[Tue 11:13:41] <mleuba>	Manu: Very engaged discussion.  Dialog went beyond agenda but it was good.  Most resolved around Identity Proofing, how to tie credentials to proofed-persons.  Went over high level use cases.  Talked about identifier portability,  Efforts to avoid vendor lock-in.  Spoke about data rights.
[Tue 11:14:12] <mleuba>	Manu: Did not follow the agenda, because conversation as going well, discussion was well-aligned.
[Tue 11:14:35] <mleuba>	Manu: Details are in the minutes (link) above.
[Tue 11:15:09] <mleuba>	Mary: The participants were knowledgeable, needed no instruction.
[Tue 11:16:46] <mleuba>	Mary: This allowed fast moving discussion.  Manu was very clear and expert in his explanation to the participants.
[Tue 11:17:33] <mleuba>	Brian: In addition, there was general consensus about the scope, where it would apply.  More than I expected,  There was a good sense that we are on the right track.
[Tue 11:17:49] <mleuba>	Manu: Agreed, I was surprised there was not arguing about minutia.
[Tue 11:17:51] <voip-cr>	Victoriano (SIP/85.62.72.19-00000046) has left the conference.
[Tue 11:18:16] <mleuba>	Manu: Anything else about the CB face to face meeting?
[Tue 11:18:16] <mleuba>	Participants at W3C TPAC had nothing else general to add.
[Tue 11:18:25] <m4nu>	Topic: Web Payments IG Meeting
[Tue 11:18:33] <voip-cr>	11 (SIP/85.62.72.19-0000004d) has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:19:47] <mleuba>	Manu: Credentials CG was invited to present for one hour.  Went very well.  In the Web Payments IG meeting the credentials were not discussed much but the work of the CG will be folded back into the Web Payments group.
[Tue 11:20:12] <mleuba>	Manu: We spoke about the broad group of interests, ETS, Accreditrust.  Health Care and government as well.
[Tue 11:20:55] <mleuba>	Manu: The Web Payments IG will discuss Credentials in a serious way.  How can we make it productive?  We need a set of deliverables to make that possible.
[Tue 11:21:09] <m4nu>	Topic: W3C TPAC Credentials Hallway Discussions
[Tue 11:22:16] <mleuba>	Manu:  Other discussions in the hallway that myself and others had with W3C team around credentials.  The preferred track has two specifications of interest, how to order JSON LD so it can be signed.  Other, how to digitally sign JSON LD messagse so it can be verified by the recipient.
[Tue 11:23:38] <mleuba>	Manu: The Social Web working group has adopted JSON LD, they want to do digital signatures, they are interested in the work.  Web Annotations is also interested in these specifications.  The Data Activity Group, is also very interested in Graph Normalization and the other specification as well.
[Tue 11:24:21] <mleuba>	Manu: This is a good thing, the Web Payments IG will not have to do this, it can be offloaded to other groups.
[Tue 11:24:56] <mleuba>	Brian: Is that indicative of support?  Is there a process where we track the work products of the groups?
[Tue 11:25:34] <mleuba>	Manu: If we want to take on the specification a group has to adopt the work items.
[Tue 11:27:08] <mleuba>	Manu: Better for existing group to adopt the specification, to avoid having to start a new group.  This is especially true for Graph Normalization work, which is highly specialized.   We expect a micro-working group to be created.  The secure messaging spec may have the same process.
[Tue 11:27:23] <mleuba>	Manu:  Did that answer your question Brian?
[Tue 11:27:26] <mleuba>	Brian: Yes, thanks.
[Tue 11:27:51] <mleuba>	Manu: This is a firehose for the new members, any questions or concerns?
[Tue 11:27:51] <mleuba>	No questions.
[Tue 11:28:02] <m4nu>	Topic: Planning for next 2 months
[Tue 11:28:12] <mleuba>	Manu: How will the CG group coordinate so outcomes meet our goals?
[Tue 11:29:43] <mleuba>	Manu: We can do a number of things, a) focus on use cases to hand to Web Payments IG, they had a use cases document that looks like the CG use cases.  They have basically copied the CG's use cases.  Uses cases are important for our work to transfer into official work.
[Tue 11:30:53] <mleuba>	Manu: We need to discuss the strategy of creating official work.  Which technology stacks to push through?  JSON LD, the JOSE stack?  Something we have not looked at yet?  We need to get the right organizations involved working on those stacks.
[Tue 11:31:10] <mleuba>	Manu: We need to identify which organizations will charter our work officially.
[Tue 11:31:30] <mleuba>	Manu: We need 20, have 13 already.  Remainder should be not difficult.
[Tue 11:32:15] <mleuba>	Manu: How to coordinate with other groups fast but not too fast to impact the work.  Also need to talk about Test Coordination.
[Tue 11:32:31] <mleuba>	Manu: Thoughts in addition?
[Tue 11:32:47] <mleuba>	Manu: Would like to hear group's priorities.
[Tue 11:33:20] <mleuba>	Sunny: Can you elaborate on the level of conversation about the test organization?
[Tue 11:33:42] <mleuba>	Manu: I can't say at this time.  I was asked not to but will shortly.
[Tue 11:34:16] <voip-cr>	11 (SIP/85.62.72.19-0000004d) has left the conference.
[Tue 11:34:18] <mleuba>	Sunny: There has been a lot of interest in Open Badges.  A conference in DC in October, I was invited to speak.  I'm happy these efforts are coming together.
[Tue 11:34:34] <mleuba>	Manu: They seemed very interested in the general area.
[Tue 11:34:47] <voip-cr>	11 (SIP/85.62.72.19-0000004e) has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:35:01] <mleuba>	Manu: Mark have you had dialog with PESC?
[Tue 11:35:03] <m4nu>	Mark: I haven't had a chance to talk w/ PESC yet.
[Tue 11:36:26] <Victoriano>	Groningen Declaration Network http://www.groningendeclaration.net/
[Tue 11:36:38] <mleuba>	Sunny: There is a parallel effort, Victoriano is the technical mind behind the Groningen Organization above.
[Tue 11:36:54] <mleuba>	Victoriano: We are seeking to get rid of paper credentials in education at scale.
[Tue 11:37:04] <Victoriano>	RS3G - http://www.rs3g.org/
[Tue 11:37:29] <Victoriano>	Rome Student Systems and Standards Group
[Tue 11:37:46] <m4nu>	Digital Student Data Depositories
[Tue 11:37:58] <mleuba>	Victoriano: We had a technical meeting with another group RS3G Rome Student Systems and Standards Group, we also had conversations in Rome about Open Badge.  We are very interested in the education use cases.
[Tue 11:38:28] *	erok has quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)
[Tue 11:38:33] <Victoriano>	CEN - https://www.cen.eu/Pages/default.aspx
[Tue 11:38:45] <mleuba>	Victoriano: I have come to "Spy" :-) I am very interested.  We need a technical means beyond current methods.
[Tue 11:39:20] <mleuba>	VIctoriano: We are looking for more open standards and I am very interested here.  Someone from PESC was in Rome talking about Open Badges.
[Tue 11:40:21] <mleuba>	Manu: Welcome Victoriano, we are happy for you to join. Everyone basically wants the same thing.  This CG is focused on making sure the technology works, around the world.  Free to use, not behind a pay wall.
[Tue 11:41:20] <mleuba>	Victoriano: We are looking for ways to create open standards.  I will offer to present our activities.  Sunny and Manu are invited to our meeting. I want to run a technical track in our upcoming meeting.
[Tue 11:41:44] <mleuba>	Manu: I think your presentation would be helpful for this group Victoriano.
[Tue 11:42:02] <mleuba>	Victoriano: We have global reach in our group.
[Tue 11:42:04] <m4nu>	Learn more about Groningen Declaration here - http://www.groningendeclaration.org/about-network
[Tue 11:42:40] <mleuba>	Manu: The link above provides information on the Groningen Declaration.
[Tue 11:43:10] <mleuba>	Manu: Let us know best schedule.
[Tue 11:43:19] <mleuba>	VIctoriano: Will try for next week.
[Tue 11:43:45] <mleuba>	Manu: Questions for Victoriano?
[Tue 11:43:50] <m4nu>	Credentials CG use cases: http://opencreds.org/specs/source/use-cases/
[Tue 11:43:53] <mleuba>	Brian: Have you looked at the Use Cases?
[Tue 11:44:29] <mleuba>	Manu: We have yet to include the GD use cases in the CG set.
[Tue 11:44:42] <mleuba>	VIctoriano: I will try to prepare some use cases.
[Tue 11:45:10] <mleuba>	Manu: Any other items to focus on?
[Tue 11:45:49] <mleuba>	Nate: +1 for continuing the Normalization Spec and the Digital Signatures.
[Tue 11:46:31] <mleuba>	Eric: A conversation with author of JSON LD.  We spoke about validation.  There is a need for JSON LD version 2.0, to include validation.
[Tue 11:47:22] <mleuba>	Manu: Nate has been working on tying JSON schema to JSON LD for Syntactic Validation.  Is the structure sound?  This is not semantic (meaning) validation.
[Tue 11:47:31] <ottonomy>	Manu explained that right about how Open Badges are using JSON-schema for syntactic validation of JSON-LD documents.
[Tue 11:48:13] <mleuba>	Manu: a number of organzations are planning to use syntactic validation.  A couple of approaches to best practices, JSON LD Framing, SPARQL engines, other semantic web stuff.
[Tue 11:48:47] <mleuba>	Manu: this is a work item we can look at.  I hesitate as this is a lot of work, so many different ways to do it.
[Tue 11:49:08] <mleuba>	Manu: People are still producing new ways to do it.
[Tue 11:49:34] <mleuba>	Eric: By using JSON Schema as a methodology, will that make adoption more difficult?  Be a barrier to adoption?
[Tue 11:50:30] <voip-cr>	11 (SIP/85.62.72.19-0000004e) has left the conference.
[Tue 11:50:32] <mleuba>	Manu: I don't think it will stop us from moving forward.  We can move forward without the syntactic validation but it's important.  There should be tools to validate.  The Badge Alliance has a tool for a couple of versions of the Badges.
[Tue 11:50:57] <mleuba>	Manu: Would organizations be ok moving forward without Syntactic validation?
[Tue 11:51:01] <voip-cr>	11 (SIP/85.62.72.19-0000004f) has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:51:13] <mleuba>	Nate: We are making Syntactic Validation an optional component.
[Tue 11:51:59] <mleuba>	Nate: Processors of badges can also use Syntactic validation optionally.  If they are comfortable with semantic validation.
[Tue 11:52:45] <mleuba>	Nate: We will use this approach for now but are open to other approaches in the future.  I will provide a link to a presentation we are making.
[Tue 11:52:59] <SunnyLee>	info for the call today: http://etherpad.badgealliance.org/ba-standard-nov11
[Tue 11:53:06] <ottonomy>	Slides about Open Badges 1.1 proposal: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1dWMU2gdnfjBPRJTCcCDOJrs0xSgCwNc-IOUdjq9gRmw/edit#slide=id.g42f044649_0120
[Tue 11:53:26] <mleuba>	Manu: I cannot join the call.  Good thoughts and opinions, the work Nate has done is along the same path other companies and groups are doing.
[Tue 11:54:27] <mleuba>	Manu: This is not an absolute requirements for version 1.0 of the spec.  The specs have a very long "half life".  A word of caution, everyone has a different way of doing validation.  Best practices have not emerged.  We can however make a recommendation.
[Tue 11:55:46] <mleuba>	Manu:  In the JSON LD vocabulary we can state a field for validation to refer to a validation best practice as of 2014.  As new and better validators emerge this can be updated without breaking the standard.
[Tue 11:56:22] <mleuba>	Nate: Is it ok to have version context files?  That can be updated to indicate which validation the version is "obeying".
[Tue 11:57:03] <mleuba>	Manu: That's how a lot of companies are doing it.  You can always add to the context.  You should never remove from the context.
[Tue 11:57:40] <mleuba>	Manu: There is an upgrade path, we want to do the minimal amount of work to get an operating standard. What is the bare minimum to lead to success for version 1.0?
[Tue 11:57:52] <mleuba>	Manu: Any other thoughts on this subject?
[Tue 11:58:25] <mleuba>	Brian: I second the initial proposed focus.
[Tue 11:58:52] <m4nu>	Here's our current spec stack: http://opencreds.org/presentations/2014/tpac-wpig-ccg/images/technologyStack.svg
[Tue 11:59:27] <ottonomy>	Very few Open Badges in the real world are issued signed with JWT
[Tue 11:59:43] <mleuba>	Manu: There is our current spec stack.  That is the last discussion we need to align the two technology stacks (with the Badge Alliance).
[Tue 12:00:03] <mleuba>	Manu:  Is there any pushback to move off the JWT stack?
[Tue 12:00:16] <ottonomy>	There is very litte to no pushback
[Tue 12:00:29] <mleuba>	Nate: Sunny there are only a few implementations of the JWT, correct?
[Tue 12:00:41] <mleuba>	Sunny: Yes, there are very very few.
[Tue 12:01:02] <mleuba>	Manu: Because the tooling wasn't available or because it wasn't needed?
[Tue 12:01:23] <ottonomy>	I think the tooling weighs heavily on individual issuer's decisions not to use signed badges.
[Tue 12:01:38] <mleuba>	Sunny: I think both.  Security of signed badges was desirable and the tooling implementation barriers were quite high.
[Tue 12:01:58] <mleuba>	Manu: So there will be little pushback if we changed the digital signing mechanism?
[Tue 12:02:32] <mleuba>	Sunny: There will be a little because not many people implemented it.
[Tue 12:03:05] <mleuba>	Manu: This is one of the key things I am concerned about.  With this aligned, Badge Alliance and W3C CG will be aligned.
[Tue 12:03:25] <ottonomy>	Should we start the conversation in the Badge Alliance now suggesting this change?
[Tue 12:03:50] <mleuba>	Manu: Should we discuss next week?  Too soon?
[Tue 12:03:52] <ottonomy>	I think the people who have been paying attention have seen the direction we're moving towards (JSON-LD, normalization, that world of signatures)
[Tue 12:04:00] <mleuba>	Sunny: Let's put on agenda for next week.
[Tue 12:07:55] <ottonomy>	some detail: The main difference cited in the use cases document refers to what element of the credential is being endorsed. The Open Badges endorsement supporters have been focused on the "badge class" as recipient of endorsement, where the use cases from the w3c would be focused on the "assertion" if expressed in Open Badges terms. Open Badges endorsement, while intellectually focused on the "badge class" so far, may also be applied to the "assertion" with no other technical changes.
[Tue 12:08:30] <m4nu>	Thank you Nate - that really helps clarify that in my mind. I agree w/ you now - not that different... you're just signing different things. They're both valid use cases.
[Tue 12:09:44] <ottonomy>	Yeah, I don't know how the other non-openbadge credentials used by this group will be structured (there probably won't be the same 3-part division as with Open Badges), but there may still be possibilities where endorsement of those credentials function in different ways.
[Tue 12:04:36] <mleuba>	Manu: We also need to align on "Endorsement" terminology.  The only two things left.
[Tue 12:05:14] <mleuba>	Nate: I will look at that but I don't think they are far apart, the W3C is more technical but it boils down to the same basic discussion.
[Tue 12:05:28] <mleuba>	Manu: Any last words?
[Tue 12:06:08] <mleuba>	Manu: If everyone can send thoughts on their specific priorities (e.g. 1, 2, ...) to the mailing list that will help move this discussion along.  We will then try to execute on those.
[Tue 12:06:16] <voip-cr>	Sunny (SIP/104.173.54.237-0000004a) has left the conference.
[Tue 12:06:16] <voip-cr>	Brian Sletten (SIP/192.168.1.161-00000044) has left the conference.
[Tue 12:06:18] <voip-cr>	Evgeny (SIP/sip2sip.info-00000042) has left the conference.
[Tue 12:06:19] <voip-cr>	MaryBold (IAX2/diamondcard-6392) has left the conference.
[Tue 12:06:20] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn (SIP/6003-00000049) has left the conference.
[Tue 12:06:20] <mleuba>	Manu: Thanks all, same time next week.
[Tue 12:06:20] <voip-cr>	Manu Sporny (SIP/6000-00000043) has left the conference.
[Tue 12:06:20] <voip-cr>	EricKorb (IAX2/diamondcard-15910) has left the conference.
[Tue 12:06:21] <voip-cr>	11 (SIP/85.62.72.19-0000004f) has left the conference.
[Tue 12:06:26] <voip-cr>	NateOtto (IAX2/diamondcard-3500) has left the conference.
[Tue 12:06:28] <m4nu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:06:42] *	m4nu thanks Mark !!! awesome scribing! :)
[Tue 12:06:47] *	Victoriano has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 12:06:48] <m4nu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:06:49] <voip-cr>	There are currently no conference connections.
[Tue 12:06:51] <m4nu>	voip: self-destruct
[Tue 12:06:52] *	voip-cr has quit (Quit: Auuugh! *booooom*)
[Tue 12:06:56] *	marybold has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 12:07:55] <m4nu>	Present+ Evgeny, Rob, taaz
[Tue 12:08:24] *	Mark has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 12:12:04] *	Evgeny_ has quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)
[Tue 12:14:08] *	ottonomy (~textual@c-71-237-170-49.hsd1.wa.comcast.net) has left #credentials ("Textual IRC Client: www.textualapp.com")
[Tue 12:15:06] *	SunnyLee has quit (Quit: Page closed)
