[Tue 11:06:45] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Dec/0002.html
[Tue 11:06:45] <manu>	scribe: gkellogg
[Tue 11:06:45] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to John Koshy
[Tue 11:07:03] *	wpay is now known as dezell
[Tue 11:07:06] <gkellogg>	JohnK: I’m a freelance consultant working in healthcare in the D.C. area.
[Tue 11:07:39] <gkellogg>	… When the ONC invited whitepapers we responded about how the blockchain can help reduce administrative costs. That’s where I met Manu. Looking forward to learning from this community and helping where I can.
[Tue 11:08:17] <manu>	Topic: Rebooting Web of Trust, Paris
[Tue 11:09:15] <gkellogg>	ChristopherA: I’ve been hosting such conferences that a number of members of the VC community have atteneded. The last three were in the US, the next in Paris on April 21 (fri-sun). To continue moving forward the agenda.
[Tue 11:09:29] <manu>	q+
[Tue 11:09:29] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:09:32] <gkellogg>	… We’re oriented towards being a customer of VC for self-sov solutions.
[Tue 11:10:01] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:10:01] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor.
[Tue 11:10:02] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:10:02] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:10:42] <gkellogg>	manu: I’m wondering if we should try to organize a VC F2F with Rebooting. I agree with ChristopherA that there’s been a great amount of cross-fertilization. We have IIW and Rebooting WoT initiatives.
[Tue 11:10:56] <ChristopherA>	IEEE S&P is Wed-Fri after #RebootingWebOfTrust
[Tue 11:11:07] <ChristopherA>	Mon Tue would be good
[Tue 11:11:21] <gkellogg>	… Because we’ve had the meetings in the US, and because TPAC is in Burlingame in 2017, it might be good to have an F2F in Europe.
[Tue 11:11:26] <ChristopherA>	24th - 25th is right before IEEE S&P
[Tue 11:12:01] <gkellogg>	ChristopherA: We’re trying to get this funded by sponsors and be at a retriet center. In lieu of that, it may be at the old stock exchange.
[Tue 11:12:10] *	manu grins... same location that first Web Payments meeting happened.
[Tue 11:12:10] *	dezell believes the nickname of that build is "La Bourse"
[Tue 11:12:26] <gkellogg>	… David Robert is the contact. If you want to have space surrounding that, the Mon-Tue could be arranged.
[Tue 11:12:35] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:12:35] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:13:05] <gkellogg>	stone: In terms of timing, if we get the approval in January for the WG, is April a reaesonable time?
[Tue 11:13:09] *	ShaneM late regrets - i'm in another meeting :/
[Tue 11:13:22] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:13:22] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:13:54] <gkellogg>	manu: Yes, it’s in the middle of the year, and good time before TPAC. PhilA was right that WGs don’t really get going until people get together, but we’ve already done that, so April is probably okay.
[Tue 11:14:17] *	dezell was just there - cold!
[Tue 11:14:37] <manu>	Topic: Issue Prioritization
[Tue 11:14:46] <manu>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues
[Tue 11:14:54] <gkellogg>	stone: How do we want to prioritize issues?
[Tue 11:15:09] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:15:09] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:15:28] <gkellogg>	manu: We have a number of issues so far. It’s nice to see discussion over the last week.
[Tue 11:15:34] *	erkorb_rm (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:15:42] *	amigus_ (~amigus@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:15:48] *	MattLarson (~MattLarson@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:16:17] <gkellogg>	… Now we have ~27 open issues, and we need to start catagorizing and prioritizing. The best I’ve seen a group do is about 8 issues in a call, and that’s when there’s no discussion necessary. With discussion, just 1-2 per call.
[Tue 11:16:29] <gkellogg>	… Given what we have, this could be a year of discussion.
[Tue 11:17:06] <gkellogg>	… The WG hasn’t started; when it starts, there may be members not here now; they may request opening old issues.
[Tue 11:17:28] <gkellogg>	… For example, the decision around JWT or LD Signatures; that could take many months to get to a decision.
[Tue 11:18:00] <gkellogg>	… Editorial issues can be handled more easily. We should prioritize things that aren’t at risk for being re-opened.
[Tue 11:18:15] <gkellogg>	… JWT had a lot of discussion, but it’s too early to resolve.
[Tue 11:18:33] <gkellogg>	… There are about 15 issues around privacy, which will be long-term discussion topics.
[Tue 11:19:33] <gkellogg>	… There is also a question of we should keep JSON and JSON-LD are separate? Should we de-emphasize the -LD bit?
[Tue 11:19:34] <drummond>	+1 to their being no simple issues when it comes to privacy
[Tue 11:20:17] <erkorb_rm>	+1 JSON-LD
[Tue 11:20:18] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:20:18] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:20:35] <manu>	voip: 1b5 is EricKorb
[Tue 11:20:35] <voip-vctf>	Associated EricKorb with SIP/69.65.34.216-000001b5.
[Tue 11:20:50] <JohnTib>	q+
[Tue 11:20:50] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib has been added to the queue: JohnTib
[Tue 11:21:34] <gkellogg>	manu: categories aren’t there yet. Usually the chairs and staff monitor discussion and figure out which issues to work on each week.
[Tue 11:22:10] *	amigus has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:22:26] <gkellogg>	… That’s not done with tags. Some WGs have tried to create “sprints” using milestones. How the group manages that is up to chairs and staff.
[Tue 11:22:52] <gkellogg>	… We may want to have a wiki for chairs/staff to describe priorities, and keep it updated.
[Tue 11:22:58] <gkellogg>	q+
[Tue 11:22:58] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: JohnTib, gkellogg
[Tue 11:23:03] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:23:03] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JohnTib, gkellogg
[Tue 11:23:11] <manu>	ack JohnTib 
[Tue 11:23:11] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib has the floor.
[Tue 11:23:12] <stonematt>	ack JohnTib
[Tue 11:23:12] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:23:34] *	manu JohnTib you're breaking up badly
[Tue 11:23:46] <JohnTib>	q-
[Tue 11:23:46] <voip-vctf>	undefined isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:23:47] <manu>	q+ JohnTib
[Tue 11:23:47] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: gkellogg, JohnTib
[Tue 11:23:51] <stonematt>	ack gkellogg
[Tue 11:23:52] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Tue 11:24:08] <manu>	gkellogg: Face to face meetings can be very effective of processing issues.
[Tue 11:24:26] <stonematt>	F2F is a great way to deal with the more "gnarly" issues - organize to hit them in April at the meeting
[Tue 11:24:28] <manu>	gkellogg: We should really try to grease the skids for an April face-to-face so we have a chance of coming through there by getting through more gnarly work items.
[Tue 11:24:51] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:24:51] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: JohnTib, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:25:00] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:25:00] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JohnTib, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:25:03] <gkellogg>	stone: We should work on that in the 2-3 meetings before the F2F.
[Tue 11:25:15] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 11:25:15] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:25:42] <gkellogg>	ChristopherA: I’d like to prioirtize things we can close early, so we can get work done.
[Tue 11:25:46] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:25:46] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JohnTib
[Tue 11:26:31] <gkellogg>	… I’m in the midst of comissioning people to begin to use the proposed formats to do some real demos. I recognize that everything could change, but I’d like to settle some of these things early: Using JSON, using some kind of signature for that.
[Tue 11:26:37] <manu>	q+ to agree and note that DB has working implementations and prefers to write code
[Tue 11:26:37] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: JohnTib, manu
[Tue 11:27:04] <gkellogg>	stone: I think that’s good for the group to get implementors started, so that in 9 months we can show movement.
[Tue 11:27:24] <gkellogg>	q?
[Tue 11:27:24] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JohnTib, manu
[Tue 11:27:35] <JohnTib>	still working on it
[Tue 11:27:37] <stonematt>	ack manu
[Tue 11:27:37] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to agree and note that DB has working implementations and prefers to write code).
[Tue 11:27:58] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:27:58] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: JohnTib, stonematt
[Tue 11:28:12] <gkellogg>	manu: Just to agree with Christopher, as you may know, Digital Bazaar has implemented much of this. If there is something that’s blocking folks from implementing, we want to get that cleared first.
[Tue 11:28:45] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:28:46] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JohnTib, stonematt
[Tue 11:28:50] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:28:50] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: JohnTib, stonematt, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:28:51] <gkellogg>	… At the end of the day, a spec is useless if there aren’t implementors that are implementing. If we have implementors demanding resolution, we should work hard to get these things settled, and get the spec and test suite updated.
[Tue 11:28:58] <stonematt>	+1 on supporting implementors
[Tue 11:29:01] <gkellogg>	… That said, what’s blocking you now?
[Tue 11:29:23] <manu>	q+ to mention that canonicalization isn't in the charter :)
[Tue 11:29:23] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: JohnTib, stonematt, ChristopherA, manu
[Tue 11:29:28] <gkellogg>	ChristopherA: I’d say that questions about canonicalization. I’d love to say we’re going to do JSON-LD, but if not, I need to know sooner rather than later.
[Tue 11:29:31] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:29:31] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JohnTib, stonematt, ChristopherA, manu
[Tue 11:29:33] <JohnTib>	q+
[Tue 11:29:33] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib has been added to the queue: JohnTib, stonematt, ChristopherA, manu, JohnTib
[Tue 11:29:53] <manu>	q- JohnTib
[Tue 11:29:53] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib has been removed from the queue: stonematt, ChristopherA, manu, JohnTib
[Tue 11:29:59] *	manu woops
[Tue 11:30:07] <gkellogg>	… I can survive with a format that’s not RDF, but I need to know sooner rather than later.
[Tue 11:30:28] <manu>	ack stonematt 
[Tue 11:30:28] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:31:34] <gkellogg>	JohnTib: I want to be sure that before we go too far about JSON vs -LD, I strongly feel we need to pursue the -LD bit, but I think there are some tactics we can use to make it more tollerable.
[Tue 11:32:03] *	manu JohnTib - try the dial in number: 540-961-4469 x6306
[Tue 11:32:06] <gkellogg>	… I’m suggesting we soft-pedel some of the LD parts, as not everyone needs that level, but it’s important to preserve as a basis for the technology.
[Tue 11:32:09] *	manu heard you JohnTib and understood
[Tue 11:32:14] <manu>	q?
[Tue 11:32:14] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA, manu, JohnTib
[Tue 11:32:27] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 11:32:27] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:32:29] <manu>	ack JohnTib
[Tue 11:32:29] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib has the floor.
[Tue 11:32:33] <manu>	q?
[Tue 11:32:33] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:32:43] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:32:43] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:33:01] <gkellogg>	ChristopherA: I want to draw a distinction… We need a strategy for how to deal with those that come back with issues on JSON-LD, but I’m confused on how to do it.
[Tue 11:33:22] <gkellogg>	manu: Fundmentally, implementations win; if implementors don’t follow the spec, the spec doesn’t matter.
[Tue 11:33:51] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:33:51] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: manu, stonematt
[Tue 11:34:07] <stonematt>	voip: 01b9 is JohnTib
[Tue 11:34:07] <voip-vctf>	Associated JohnTib with SIP/69.65.34.216-000001b9.
[Tue 11:34:14] <gkellogg>	… What Christopher asked is about C14N, and would like to resolve this. Note that we left C14N out of the charter, as it was/is a lightning-rod, and we’ve been blocked on that.
[Tue 11:34:43] <gkellogg>	… The reason we did that was for implementors to have a chance outside of the standards process on what they like, and handle that in round-2.
[Tue 11:34:56] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:34:56] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, stonematt
[Tue 11:34:58] <stonematt>	ack manu
[Tue 11:34:58] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to mention that canonicalization isn't in the charter :)).
[Tue 11:35:38] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:35:38] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt
[Tue 11:35:42] <erkorb_rm>	For those needing a definition, in computer science, canonicalization (sometimes standardization or normalization) is a process for converting data that has more than one possible representation into a "standard", "normal", or canonical form.
[Tue 11:35:50] <gkellogg>	… The reason we did that was to allow implementors more options. That discussion is between people like ChristopherA, and whoever is doing implementations. We’ll get together outside of the standardization process and figure out what to use. The W3C process is too slow when trying to do implementations and deploy.
[Tue 11:36:32] <gkellogg>	… The short answer is that we’ll need to nail C14N outside of the WG, and give the WG heads up as to where we are. If there are three companies doing C14N in a specific way.
[Tue 11:36:34] <gkellogg>	q+
[Tue 11:36:34] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: stonematt, gkellogg
[Tue 11:36:54] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:36:54] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt, gkellogg
[Tue 11:37:25] *	dezell wonders what jello-nailing gloves look like.
[Tue 11:37:38] <gkellogg>	stone: If that’s our strategy, are those discussions fair game for these calls?
[Tue 11:38:07] <gkellogg>	… 2ndly, Pierson is working in this area, if we’re working outside this call, what’s the best way for us to do this.
[Tue 11:38:09] <manu>	q+ to note how to discuss canonicalization.
[Tue 11:38:09] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: stonematt, gkellogg, manu
[Tue 11:38:13] <manu>	ack stonematt 
[Tue 11:38:13] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:38:15] <manu>	ack gkellogg 
[Tue 11:38:15] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Tue 11:38:31] *	JoeAndrieu (~JoeAndrieu@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:38:32] <manu>	gkellogg: The Credentials CG still exists and can be an ongoing forum for these WG discussions. That's the purpose of the CG
[Tue 11:38:35] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:38:35] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:39:51] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:39:51] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:40:00] <manu>	gkellogg: I wanted to react to Manu's strategy to keep canonicalization out of spec, get to them in a next round, I worry that that's being quite optimistic. Timeframe doesn't do a good service to the community. It's really hard to get a WG done, usually after a WG has completed, there is usually not a big appetite to get back to it. It might be five years before another WG is created to have a remit to deal with canonicalizatin. Is there a way to keep it in as a 
[Tue 11:40:00] <manu>	stretch goal so a WG could react to implementation experience.
[Tue 11:40:06] <manu>	q?
[Tue 11:40:06] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:40:24] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note how to discuss canonicalization.).
[Tue 11:40:26] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:40:26] <voip-vctf>	manu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:41:11] <gkellogg>	manu: I think we’re in a difficult place with digital signatures: the current implementors have decided on JSON-LD and LD signatures, but the JWT community have pushed back.
[Tue 11:41:49] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:41:49] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:41:55] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:41:55] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:41:58] <gkellogg>	… The concern is that we were being blocked before, and was a no-go from W3M. It would seem that W3C is stomping on the IETF territory.
[Tue 11:42:29] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:42:29] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: stonematt, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:42:30] <gkellogg>	… That said, you’re points are spot-on. I think it will happen anyway; it wasn’t on the agenda today, but we’re talking about it anyway.
[Tue 11:42:54] <manu>	ack stonematt 
[Tue 11:42:54] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:43:38] <manu>	q+ to put a pin in this and move on to other issues.
[Tue 11:43:38] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, manu
[Tue 11:43:40] <gkellogg>	stone: at a minimum, we’ll deliever what’s in the charter. As we go into that, this will be part of the implementation. It seems it will be at the table one way or another, even if the spec covers it.
[Tue 11:44:03] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 11:44:03] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:44:10] <gkellogg>	… JWT group can complain, but if it’s in the field that’s the effective standard.
[Tue 11:44:32] <gkellogg>	ChristopherA: prove we can do it with JWT and demonstrate it, then I’ll be glad to consider it.
[Tue 11:44:41] <gkellogg>	q+
[Tue 11:44:41] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: manu, gkellogg
[Tue 11:44:44] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:44:44] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to put a pin in this and move on to other issues.).
[Tue 11:44:49] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:44:49] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: gkellogg
[Tue 11:45:46] <stonematt>	+1 on put up or shut up...
[Tue 11:45:47] <gkellogg>	manu: To put a pin in this, I’m not too concerned that we’ll get to the end of the WG and not know about how to do this. Both Christopher and Matt are right: put up or shut up, and look at implementation experience.
[Tue 11:45:50] <manu>	ack gkellogg 
[Tue 11:45:51] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Tue 11:45:58] <manu>	q+ gkellogg
[Tue 11:45:59] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: gkellogg
[Tue 11:46:08] <gkellogg>	stone: Is this, in fact the JSON/JSON-LD discussion?
[Tue 11:46:18] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:46:18] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: gkellogg
[Tue 11:46:25] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:46:25] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: gkellogg, stonematt
[Tue 11:46:33] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:46:33] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: gkellogg, stonematt
[Tue 11:46:36] <stonematt>	ack gkellogg
[Tue 11:46:36] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Tue 11:46:47] <manu>	q+ to respond to charter
[Tue 11:46:48] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: stonematt, manu
[Tue 11:47:14] <stonematt>	gkellogg: if the group thinks this will be part of hte process later, particularly in the test suite we HAVE to have room in the charter now to include it later
[Tue 11:47:27] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:47:27] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt, manu
[Tue 11:47:48] *	jonnycrunch1 (~Thunderbird@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:48:01] <gkellogg>	stone: we’ll need to come back to this when we review the charter. There may be a honeymoon period were we can address this.
[Tue 11:48:01] <manu>	ack stonematt 
[Tue 11:48:01] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:48:10] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:48:13] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to respond to charter).
[Tue 11:48:20] <gkellogg>	… Do we want to add uncertainty?
[Tue 11:48:23] <manu>	Text in the charter right now: "Signature Mechanism(s): that are capable of protecting the verifiable claims from attack such that the claims can be trusted by consumers of those claims."
[Tue 11:48:33] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:48:33] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:48:37] <stonematt>	Q+
[Tue 11:48:41] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:48:41] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:48:45] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:48:45] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:48:49] <gkellogg>	+1
[Tue 11:49:05] <drummond>	That's a good, concise summary of the requirement.
[Tue 11:49:28] <gkellogg>	manu: I think we’re in the clear, but we can’t invent a new format; however, we can recommend something that exists in the field.
[Tue 11:49:42] <gkellogg>	… The WG can then point to something that exists and say “do that”!
[Tue 11:49:47] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:49:47] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt
[Tue 11:50:43] <manu>	q+ to say we could start on JSON/JSON-LD wrt. JT
[Tue 11:50:43] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: stonematt, manu
[Tue 11:50:47] <manu>	ack stonematt 
[Tue 11:50:47] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:51:31] <gkellogg>	topic: Use of JSON/JSON-LD in spec
[Tue 11:51:44] <manu>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues/27
[Tue 11:52:24] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:52:25] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: manu, stonematt
[Tue 11:52:28] <stonematt>	q-
[Tue 11:52:28] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been removed from the queue: manu
[Tue 11:52:32] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:52:32] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:52:46] <gkellogg>	JohnTib: The spec has a section on JSON and another on JSON-LD, and they’re identical, except for @context. This happens in several different sections.
[Tue 11:53:17] <gkellogg>	… It seems to me we should _only_ specify the JSON-LD approach, rather than side-by-side. With language saying that it is completely valid JSON.
[Tue 11:53:51] <gkellogg>	… People worry that they’ll get lost in the -LD parts, but it’s really not an issue practically. We can discuss differences in an appendix.
[Tue 11:54:09] <manu>	q+ to mention how this is done in two other W3C specs.
[Tue 11:54:13] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, manu
[Tue 11:54:16] <manu>	q-
[Tue 11:54:16] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue: manu
[Tue 11:54:17] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:54:17] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: manu, dezell
[Tue 11:54:17] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:54:17] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, dezell
[Tue 11:54:22] <manu>	q-
[Tue 11:54:22] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue: dezell
[Tue 11:54:25] <manu>	q+ to mention how this is done in two other W3C specs.
[Tue 11:54:25] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: dezell, manu
[Tue 11:54:26] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:54:26] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: dezell, manu
[Tue 11:54:33] <gkellogg>	… People look at this, and only think of it in terms of JSON, the @context is just template. You really don’t need to worry about the -LD parts for most practical uses.
[Tue 11:55:06] <gkellogg>	… Some people do need to worry about this, if you’re creating a signature algorithm, or designing the basic structure, but if you’re just consuming, you rarely need to know about this.
[Tue 11:55:31] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:55:32] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: dezell, manu
[Tue 11:55:36] *	colleen has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:55:39] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:55:39] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: dezell, manu, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:55:40] <gkellogg>	… What I’m suggesting is that we just talk about JSON in the sense that it’s constrained to work as -LD.
[Tue 11:55:49] <stonematt>	ack dezell
[Tue 11:55:49] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:56:08] <gkellogg>	dezell: I just got back from ISO in Paris, where there’s a move to go from XML to JSON.
[Tue 11:56:23] <gkellogg>	… One of the ideas is using HATEOS.
[Tue 11:56:37] <gkellogg>	… To me, it doesn’t seem much different than JSON-LD, other than syntax.
[Tue 11:56:57] <gkellogg>	… I think it’s going to be important to come up with JSON in the payments space.
[Tue 11:56:58] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:56:58] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:57:06] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to mention how this is done in two other W3C specs.).
[Tue 11:57:13] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:57:13] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:57:19] <ChristopherA>	https://jeffknupp.com/blog/2014/06/03/why-i-hate-hateoas/
[Tue 11:57:26] <manu>	Example of a stronger stance on usage of JSON-LD: https://www.w3.org/TR/annotation-model/
[Tue 11:57:37] <gkellogg>	manu: There are other groups having the same discussion, and have ended up in two different places. The Web Annotations group came up with a strong stance on the use of JSON-LD.
[Tue 11:57:57] <gkellogg>	… There was a big disagreement in the Activity Streams group.
[Tue 11:58:07] <manu>	Social Web WG comments on use of JSON-LD: https://www.w3.org/TR/activitystreams-core/#syntaxconventions
[Tue 11:58:13] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:58:13] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:58:43] *	dezell thinks that "JSON + Context" is the common denominator.
[Tue 11:58:48] <gkellogg>	… The social web group did something that might meet both requirements. The data format is JSON, but  you need to be able to interpret it as JSON-LD, which allows it to be machine readable, and allows people that just want JSON
[Tue 11:58:48] <stonematt>	2min time check...
[Tue 11:58:52] <gkellogg>	q+ CSVW too.
[Tue 11:58:52] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, gkellogg
[Tue 12:00:18] <gkellogg>	ChristopherA: I’m sympathetic to just pulling out that part, and have a different document for C14N. But, my experience trying to do DiD where it was pointed out the JSON we were specifying would have a problem with the graph model, and how it could be simply modified to do this.
[Tue 12:00:33] <gkellogg>	… Without saying graph-model, can we put enough constraint to make sure we don’t break it.
[Tue 12:00:36] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 12:00:36] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA, gkellogg
[Tue 12:00:43] <stonematt>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 12:00:43] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 12:00:51] <gkellogg>	manu: short answer, right now, we don’t know what those constraints might be.
[Tue 12:01:01] <JohnTib>	had to drop off for another call
[Tue 12:01:24] <gkellogg>	… You’re either saying tree-model or graph-model. By default JSON is tree-model. We don’t know how to convey these constraints right now.
[Tue 12:01:25] <drummond>	+1 to RDF graph model constraints feeling strange to most JSON developers
[Tue 12:01:35] <drummond>	But they may be necessary
[Tue 12:01:35] <drummond>	Present+ jonnycrunch, trainer, sporny, nage, lehn, andieu, christophera, lake, stone, ezell, gkellogg, koshy, kennedy, migus, korb, tibbetts, reed
