[2018-11-20T16:58:38.976Z]	<ChristopherA>	voip: 02f is ChristopherA
[2018-11-20T16:58:58.635Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+ ChristopherA
[2018-11-20T16:59:14.874Z]	<drabiv>	present+ drabiv
[2018-11-20T17:00:07.009Z]	<achughes>	present+
[2018-11-20T17:00:12.560Z]	<manu>	present+
[2018-11-20T17:00:40.094Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2018-11-20T17:01:46.113Z]	<gannan_>	present+
[2018-11-20T17:01:46.203Z]	<rgrant>	present+
[2018-11-20T17:01:55.598Z]	<brentz_>	present+ Brent_Zundel
[2018-11-20T17:02:22.921Z]	<Moses>	present+ MosesMa
[2018-11-20T17:02:25.479Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	connections
[2018-11-20T17:02:33.859Z]	<gannan_>	voip: connections?
[2018-11-20T17:02:47.979Z]	<lparker>	present+
[2018-11-20T17:02:59.184Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2018-11-20T17:03:06.400Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	present+
[2018-11-20T17:03:10.917Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2018-11-20T17:03:23.135Z]	<rgrant>	does voip-ccg association still work if you do it?
[2018-11-20T17:04:02.666Z]	<kimhd>	Agenda:	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Nov/0129.html
[2018-11-20T17:04:02.880Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Topic: Introductions and Reintroductions
[2018-11-20T17:04:22.521Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... main topic, the pain points that DIs are solving.
[2018-11-20T17:04:34.151Z]	<drummond>	voip: connections?
[2018-11-20T17:04:51.594Z]	<drummond>	voip: 040 is drummond
[2018-11-20T17:04:52.223Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:04:59.315Z]	<Moses>	q+
[2018-11-20T17:05:10.370Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack Moses
[2018-11-20T17:05:20.933Z]	<drummond>	Note: I can only stay for the first 30 mins today.
[2018-11-20T17:05:26.334Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Moses: Spoke with his partners about our work, and we have a volunteer. Dr. Wu
[2018-11-20T17:05:32.335Z]	<brentz_>	voip: 038 is brentz_
[2018-11-20T17:05:32.879Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... VC who ran a $billion fund
[2018-11-20T17:05:37.162Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... templates for DID monetization
[2018-11-20T17:05:49.475Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	.... list different ways we can monetize the DID market
[2018-11-20T17:05:50.843Z]	<manu>	+1 to that effort, would be very helpful to the CCG.
[2018-11-20T17:06:30.865Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Dr. Wu was a lead investor on Tivo, is good at revenue models.
[2018-11-20T17:06:50.470Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Joe: Will this be a work item? How can the community support?
[2018-11-20T17:06:56.930Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Moses: Paper for next RWoT
[2018-11-20T17:07:15.605Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Sam: Furthering sustainable commons,
[2018-11-20T17:07:25.311Z]	<ottonomy>	present+ Nate Otto
[2018-11-20T17:07:27.071Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... if looking to monetize, this paper is related. Will share it.
[2018-11-20T17:07:54.773Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Moses: Let's have the community participate. Should stipulate how a standard can create a fair method to enable monetization models.
[2018-11-20T17:08:05.877Z]	<gannan_>	s/Furhtering/Furthering
[2018-11-20T17:08:08.591Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	.... a mockup of the UX would be helpful, perhaps in Adobe XD
[2018-11-20T17:08:38.611Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Joe: Send email and we will follow up.
[2018-11-20T17:08:50.012Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:09:04.334Z]	<michela>	present+
[2018-11-20T17:09:24.563Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Jarlath to the mic!
[2018-11-20T17:09:32.715Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Jarlath: CEO and founder of Jobs___
[2018-11-20T17:09:37.379Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... connects students to jobs
[2018-11-20T17:09:53.342Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... interested in CCG/VCs for credentials regarding skills, etc
[2018-11-20T17:10:03.331Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Topic: Announcements, reminders
[2018-11-20T17:10:13.193Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Joe: Dec 10 workshop, Microsoft
[2018-11-20T17:10:25.364Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: 55 people are signed up, room for 15 more.
[2018-11-20T17:10:36.490Z]	<manu>	https://www.w3.org/Security/strong-authentication-and-identity-workshop/cfp.html
[2018-11-20T17:11:26.232Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Seeking more lawyers, regulatory and compliance types
[2018-11-20T17:11:42.584Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Seeking more European (GDPR) and China focus
[2018-11-20T17:11:52.479Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... still time to register!
[2018-11-20T17:12:13.263Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... note that new proposals will compete with some critical proposals that we must present at the workshop
[2018-11-20T17:12:22.800Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... agenda is being formulated and will be shared soon.
[2018-11-20T17:12:32.065Z]	<JEffO-StL>	present+
[2018-11-20T17:12:47.259Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	RWoT #8 planned for Feb22/28/Mar 01
[2018-11-20T17:13:02.179Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Joe: Making decisions about location, to be announced ASAP.
[2018-11-20T17:13:11.336Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-11-20T17:13:30.361Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Joe: IIW APril3-May 2. Not the same time as RWoT this time ;-)
[2018-11-20T17:13:33.193Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-11-20T17:13:41.379Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Barcelona proposal for RWoT
[2018-11-20T17:13:45.591Z]	<Moses>	+1 barcelona
[2018-11-20T17:13:58.272Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... may be just after MWC (mobile world congress)
[2018-11-20T17:14:06.692Z]	<ChristopherA>	Take train
[2018-11-20T17:14:15.130Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:14:28.676Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Topic: Action items
[2018-11-20T17:14:49.544Z]	<drabiv>	+1 for Barcelona)
[2018-11-20T17:14:50.152Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Joe: Planning to "create Amira as a repo"
[2018-11-20T17:14:57.637Z]	<Moses>	Can someone post URL to Sam's "Furthering sustainable commons" paper
[2018-11-20T17:15:03.554Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-11-20T17:15:13.378Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-11-20T17:15:18.713Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/18
[2018-11-20T17:16:32.334Z]	<manu>	https://www.w3.org/2018/11/19-vcwg-minutes.html
[2018-11-20T17:16:57.078Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Meeting minutes on how to harmonize with Verifiable Credentials
[2018-11-20T17:17:12.102Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... general pattern for addressing ZKPs
[2018-11-20T17:17:26.891Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	...  pattern to host ZKP even as binary BLOBs
[2018-11-20T17:17:27.361Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2018-11-20T17:17:32.551Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Topic: Work Items
[2018-11-20T17:17:54.514Z]	<drummond>	The Sovrin community intends for ZKPs to NOT be a "bizarre, out-of-the way format" :-)
[2018-11-20T17:17:59.431Z]	<rgrant>	+1 for Barcelona
[2018-11-20T17:18:19.650Z]	<manu>	drummond -- I expected as much, :)
[2018-11-20T17:18:22.740Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:18:25.313Z]	<manu>	q+ for ocaps, tooling, hashlinks
[2018-11-20T17:18:55.195Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: OCAP in JS
[2018-11-20T17:18:59.573Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... library implementation
[2018-11-20T17:19:02.697Z]	<rgrant>	q+
[2018-11-20T17:19:33.163Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	<humor> BLOB = Bizarre Large Object </humor>
[2018-11-20T17:19:54.484Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-11-20T17:20:00.911Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Regarding, seeking additional funds for people to implement tools
[2018-11-20T17:20:29.415Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... e.g. issue a new type of verfiable credential, need to define a vocabulary, need a website where you can go and CLICK to publish such a vocabulary
[2018-11-20T17:20:47.473Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... cryptographic hash linking specification, that is more detailed then just "use IPRS"
[2018-11-20T17:20:57.035Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... will be useful to have a kind of "magnet link"
[2018-11-20T17:21:05.724Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... this is a problem across the decentralized blockchain space
[2018-11-20T17:21:13.579Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... proposing an IETF specification
[2018-11-20T17:21:21.755Z]	<rgrant>	q-
[2018-11-20T17:21:23.931Z]	<ottonomy>	+1 to magnet link IRIs for linked data
[2018-11-20T17:21:24.775Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... new problem emerging around vendor lockin on digital wallets
[2018-11-20T17:22:06.137Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... ensure that one vendor won't lock out everyone else, by being specification conforming but not enabing data portability
[2018-11-20T17:22:21.336Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Exciting stuff +1
[2018-11-20T17:22:26.337Z]	<drummond>	BTW, avoiding vendor lock-in is a primary goal of DKMS, of which the plan is to start a Technical Committee at OASIS. See http://bit.ly/dkmsv3
[2018-11-20T17:22:58.562Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:23:01.899Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Mag links will be important to endurance, the ability for documents to be addressable over a period of years
[2018-11-20T17:23:16.191Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Topic: Pain points
[2018-11-20T17:23:23.170Z]	<manu>	drummond, What I was talking about goes beyond DKMS, but yes, that work is important as well.
[2018-11-20T17:24:06.818Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: We accept the value of decentralization without much consideration
[2018-11-20T17:24:17.842Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... we can now tease out the assumptions and motivations behind this
[2018-11-20T17:24:25.551Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... these should be made overt in the DID primer
[2018-11-20T17:24:33.531Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Let's start with Vendor Lock-in
[2018-11-20T17:24:53.971Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Many standards and protocols ended up being locked-in due to some inherent centrality
[2018-11-20T17:25:20.232Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... example: Twitter had lots of apps in a broad ecosystem, but by Twitter controlling the API Keys they constrained that ecosystem
[2018-11-20T17:25:32.961Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... in federated DIDs, some parties took protocols that were intended to be two way
[2018-11-20T17:25:39.302Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... but then only implemented one side
[2018-11-20T17:25:52.771Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	\
[2018-11-20T17:25:55.857Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:26:41.031Z]	<manu>	q+ to avoiding becoming the central party as another one.
[2018-11-20T17:26:41.717Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-11-20T17:26:49.172Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-11-20T17:27:10.150Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Every market vertical has its own motivation for needing DIDs
[2018-11-20T17:27:20.213Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... In Healthcare DIDS are useful for X,Y,Z
[2018-11-20T17:27:29.791Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... in banking DIDs are useful for doing n,m,o
[2018-11-20T17:27:55.358Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Local, provincial and federal governments do not want to be the system of record for identifiers
[2018-11-20T17:28:12.219Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... it's all knowledge based stuff
[2018-11-20T17:28:29.405Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... these organizations do not want to control knowledge based identifiers as opposed to cryptographic identifiers
[2018-11-20T17:28:49.483Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... since they are almost guaranteed that the funding creating the system diminishes over time
[2018-11-20T17:29:01.311Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... as the systems grow, the funding shrinks and can even be cut
[2018-11-20T17:29:09.512Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... making the central system suceptible to failure
[2018-11-20T17:29:52.883Z]	<achughes>	Identifiers are useful. The fatal flaw (in our opinion) is that useful widely-usable identifiers end up with central authorities or defacto authorities that have ‘kill switches’. Also all ‘authorities’ must inevitably become high-value attach target infrastructure while at the same time facing funding pressures (because it goes into the background as infrastructure). Decentralization has the promise of a globally-shared namespace that involved de[CUT]
[2018-11-20T17:29:53.431Z]	<achughes>	governance and operations but universal resolvability.
[2018-11-20T17:29:55.876Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Organizations are excited that the DID enables use without hosting it
[2018-11-20T17:30:09.651Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:30:09.825Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... though when you point out the cost, their enthusiasm cools a bit
[2018-11-20T17:30:09.936Z]	<samchase_>	q
[2018-11-20T17:30:15.696Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-11-20T17:30:35.670Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: Borders are a pain point
[2018-11-20T17:30:38.031Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ for interstitial jurisdictionality
[2018-11-20T17:30:44.575Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... borders between countries. Borders between companies.
[2018-11-20T17:30:53.277Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... different ways we evaluate and think about trust
[2018-11-20T17:31:08.564Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... everybody's trust requirements are different, in sometimes subtle, sometimes kajor ways
[2018-11-20T17:31:28.198Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... a centralized federated system demands tha tthe trust model propagate throughout the system and mark all interactions
[2018-11-20T17:31:41.357Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... a decentralized system will support variation in those trust rules
[2018-11-20T17:31:52.838Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... you may want to rely on something that other people dont need or dont want to pay for
[2018-11-20T17:31:59.332Z]	<drummond>	Gotta run now. Bye.
[2018-11-20T17:32:10.858Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... back in SSL, we defined client certs, and almost no one ended up adopting that
[2018-11-20T17:32:17.850Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:32:20.795Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-11-20T17:32:22.034Z]	<achughes>	q+ my irc text
[2018-11-20T17:32:32.619Z]	<samchase_>	q+
[2018-11-20T17:32:39.937Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	q+
[2018-11-20T17:32:59.612Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Joe: in solving the double spend problem, we ended up defining DIDs
[2018-11-20T17:33:07.034Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... interstitial jurisdictionality
[2018-11-20T17:33:16.497Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... there are well defined jurisdictions
[2018-11-20T17:33:25.754Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	inbetween these well defined jurisdictions there are interactions
[2018-11-20T17:33:32.415Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... in these interstices we interact
[2018-11-20T17:33:45.292Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... how can we have an interaction outside a jurisdiction
[2018-11-20T17:33:45.402Z]	<manu>	q+ for "I still want it to be centralized, but I want crypto on top, and DIDs can help there"
[2018-11-20T17:33:59.351Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... e.g. a soviet union master of science, how will another country e.g. the UK evaluate that
[2018-11-20T17:34:04.621Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack achughes
[2018-11-20T17:34:17.631Z]	<samchase_>	q+
[2018-11-20T17:34:33.291Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Andrew: Identifiers are useful.
[2018-11-20T17:34:38.892Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... these have kill switches
[2018-11-20T17:34:55.225Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... DID offers governance but still resolvability
[2018-11-20T17:35:07.360Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Identifiers are useful. The fatal flaw (in our opinion) is that useful widely-usable identifiers end up with central authorities or defacto authorities that have ‘kill switches’. Also all ‘authorities’ must inevitably become high-value attach target infrastructure while at the same time facing funding pressures (because it goes into the background as infrastructure). Decentralization has the promise of a globally-shared namesp[CUT]
[2018-11-20T17:35:13.324Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:35:16.817Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... governance and operations but universal resolvability.
[2018-11-20T17:35:19.164Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack samchase_
[2018-11-20T17:35:55.515Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Sam: Offloading personal data liability, avoiding toxic data
[2018-11-20T17:36:20.180Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... focusing on construction sites, new construction to create a safety wifi network to mark things on a job site, track
[2018-11-20T17:36:32.611Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... generates a safety plan and a 3D model of the space from floor plans
[2018-11-20T17:36:54.800Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Sam showed them overlays in the wallet
[2018-11-20T17:37:00.371Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:37:00.970Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... proof of data without cost of storage
[2018-11-20T17:37:04.785Z]	<drabiv>	q+
[2018-11-20T17:37:23.305Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... given these watches (apple watch) will you accept this token?
[2018-11-20T17:37:37.195Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... if this succeeds, no one has to store the data, then through an overlay or an OAuth scope
[2018-11-20T17:37:43.733Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... hit the threshold
[2018-11-20T17:37:52.419Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... this way create a non-surveillance ecosystem
[2018-11-20T17:38:07.525Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:38:15.594Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack Lionel_Wolberger
[2018-11-20T17:38:25.503Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	audio problem
[2018-11-20T17:38:28.081Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	go on
[2018-11-20T17:38:43.719Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-11-20T17:39:28.983Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Centralized ID providers, e.g. legal entity identifier and large corporations
[2018-11-20T17:39:37.435Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... these are interested in upgrading their identifiers
[2018-11-20T17:39:48.131Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... e.g. a company whose business model is issuing identifiers
[2018-11-20T17:40:04.852Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... they seek the addition of a layer of cryptography to mitigate and prevent theft
[2018-11-20T17:40:17.840Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... they could roll their own crypto, or more simply adopt DIDs
[2018-11-20T17:40:19.320Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2018-11-20T17:40:35.011Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... centralized authorities want to upgrade their ecosystem and add cryptography
[2018-11-20T17:40:39.865Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to hit "easily faked"
[2018-11-20T17:40:41.643Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:40:50.782Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack samchase_
[2018-11-20T17:40:58.211Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	*** can someone scribe temporarily, I will drop and rejoin ****
[2018-11-20T17:40:58.733Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-11-20T17:41:00.053Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack drabiv
[2018-11-20T17:41:45.616Z]	<manu>	drabiv: One of the issues is longevity in identifiers.
[2018-11-20T17:42:22.352Z]	<manu>	drabiv: If I have an identifier, and I want a signature on something, providers can disappear, there is no certainty that these centralized identifiers will stay. So I think this is one of the reasons that digital signatures were not widely adopted.
[2018-11-20T17:42:28.790Z]	<manu>	drabiv: DIDs solve this problem.
[2018-11-20T17:42:31.243Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:43:22.439Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	manu, i'm back
[2018-11-20T17:43:34.562Z]	<manu>	drabiv: Question to manu - governments do not want to manage records of centralized identifiers - I do think governments still want those lists - they still have databases, data stores, records of who paid how much in taxes, who received how much and benefits, they need to keep this data, they don't want to manage passwords for people.
[2018-11-20T17:43:34.981Z]	<manu>	q+ to respond to drabiv
[2018-11-20T17:43:37.151Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... still a need to retain the data, just not manage the task force and make it more secure
[2018-11-20T17:43:41.394Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack markus_sabadello
[2018-11-20T17:44:02.494Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Markus: Regarding large companies interested in upgrading their IDs to DIDs
[2018-11-20T17:44:21.718Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... I have an IETF draft to discover DIDs based on the domain name system
[2018-11-20T17:44:48.571Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... large companies are interested in using domain names for discovery
[2018-11-20T17:44:51.771Z]	<markus_sabadello>	https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-mayrhofer-did-dns/
[2018-11-20T17:44:58.741Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:45:01.963Z]	<manu>	+1, that's really neat work that's going on.
[2018-11-20T17:45:02.893Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-11-20T17:45:21.438Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Joe: In the digital realm things are easily faked
[2018-11-20T17:45:34.001Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... public key/private key issues
[2018-11-20T17:45:40.205Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... how do you verify that something is not fake
[2018-11-20T17:45:45.124Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:45:48.805Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... that is a pain point that DIDs solve
[2018-11-20T17:45:51.151Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-11-20T17:45:53.780Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2018-11-20T17:45:55.758Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	q+
[2018-11-20T17:45:59.005Z]	<jarlath>	@Lionel - there was a discussion about VC and Jobs earlier, can you please post the link to the details of this work in the feed again (I missed it)?
[2018-11-20T17:46:02.605Z]	<manu>	q- later
[2018-11-20T17:46:05.665Z]	<manu>	q-
[2018-11-20T17:46:17.481Z]	<manu>	q+ to respond to drabiv wrt. governments still need to manage identifiers/data.
[2018-11-20T17:46:29.215Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: Keep in mind we had PGP keys for decades and they were decentralized
[2018-11-20T17:46:37.416Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... they did not spread everywhere because
[2018-11-20T17:46:50.743Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... (a) they were not vendor agnostic nor future proof
[2018-11-20T17:47:01.141Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	.. .DIDs are rotateble so allow technological upgrades
[2018-11-20T17:47:10.242Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... the crypto is separated from the actual identifer
[2018-11-20T17:47:25.252Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... another reason why PGP fingerprints did not achieve wide market adoption
[2018-11-20T17:47:31.331Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... due to the complications of rotating them
[2018-11-20T17:47:46.382Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... revocation was extremely difficult, you needed the original key material
[2018-11-20T17:47:50.052Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... you had to notify people
[2018-11-20T17:48:01.502Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:48:05.165Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... a number of DID methods have fast and efficient ways to notify about revocation and rotation
[2018-11-20T17:48:06.605Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack agropper
[2018-11-20T17:48:23.599Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Adrian: Questions back to Markus, etc
[2018-11-20T17:48:44.505Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... I use corporate centralized user IDs in general today
[2018-11-20T17:48:55.739Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... if DIDs would be linked to domain names or email addresses
[2018-11-20T17:49:13.012Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... would the service provider only persist the DID and not the email address?
[2018-11-20T17:49:18.470Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... let's say I use finger
[2018-11-20T17:49:34.914Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Markus: Yes, your understanding is correct.
[2018-11-20T17:49:50.777Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Adrian: That sounds like a powerful value statement.
[2018-11-20T17:50:01.601Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:50:05.659Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... that ability sounds quite valuable
[2018-11-20T17:50:09.670Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack Lionel_Wolberger
[2018-11-20T17:50:30.170Z]	<manu>	Lionel: Something that wasn't mentioned - DID process of creating an identifier feels like it's lower friction, more lightweight.
[2018-11-20T17:50:50.011Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:50:51.176Z]	<manu>	Lionel_Wolberger: So many more digital interactions, so many more devices, feels like a better way to interact given the complexity of devices today.
[2018-11-20T17:50:55.836Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-11-20T17:50:56.652Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2018-11-20T17:51:03.231Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Responding to Bohdan
[2018-11-20T17:51:15.295Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... the general assertion is that governments must continue to manage data
[2018-11-20T17:51:29.684Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... but the identifier is really secondary to their interest
[2018-11-20T17:51:49.151Z]	<markus_sabadello>	FYI the August CCG list archive has some discussion on pros/cons of discovering DIDs from DNS: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Aug/thread.html
[2018-11-20T17:51:51.701Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... e.g. in the USA the SocSec number is being used as an identifier but SecSec admin wants to stop this
[2018-11-20T17:52:05.832Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... SSA does not really need the identifier, they just need to provide their services
[2018-11-20T17:52:23.799Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... This is what we mean by saying geovernments do not want to be identifier providers
[2018-11-20T17:52:31.061Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... it is not their core value proposition
[2018-11-20T17:52:44.551Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... they still need an identity proofing process, of course
[2018-11-20T17:53:02.316Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... but then they would not have the responsibility to maintain and track the identifier
[2018-11-20T17:53:20.998Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Keep in mind, they still have to store the ID and that is an attack surface honeypot
[2018-11-20T17:53:30.739Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:53:59.853Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-11-20T17:54:08.743Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-11-20T17:54:18.976Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2018-11-20T17:54:36.185Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... they will benefit from the VC architecture, where they store that they had a verified credential and can tear down and not store a lot of the artifacts of the proving process itself
[2018-11-20T17:55:11.890Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: We are trying to move away from knowledge based security (e.g. you know my SocSec#, you know my birthdate)
[2018-11-20T17:55:18.993Z]	<manu>	yep, Knowledge Based Authentication is usually a bad thing...
[2018-11-20T17:55:26.770Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... human memorizability for DIDs was an argument that we had
[2018-11-20T17:55:46.931Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... I (Chris) advocated for non-memorizable IDs, I wanted it to be underlying
[2018-11-20T17:56:12.157Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... but people may want DIDs to last a lifetime
[2018-11-20T17:56:25.618Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... that is not prevented by the standard, though this would be an inappropriate use
[2018-11-20T17:56:41.290Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... I dont want to give my BTCR identifer, I want to give a more safe identifer.
[2018-11-20T17:56:42.618Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:56:57.190Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack agropper
[2018-11-20T17:57:14.862Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Adrian: Responding to Manu, that the credentials are not retained
[2018-11-20T17:57:35.351Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... huge synergy with the upcoming technology that more and more data stores will be held by individuals
[2018-11-20T17:57:45.860Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... this is a good argument for DIDs in the broadest sense
[2018-11-20T17:57:46.205Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T17:58:12.780Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Joe: Adding pain points from previous notes.
[2018-11-20T17:58:36.197Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Things change. Email addresses change. Phone numbers change. Technologies change. Organizations change.
[2018-11-20T17:58:55.137Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... The organization that could have verified your deed does not exist anymore.
[2018-11-20T17:59:08.790Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Fakes are a pain point. Signatures prevent this, but signatures need PKI
[2018-11-20T17:59:14.859Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Over-identification is a pain point.
[2018-11-20T17:59:32.211Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Identifier misuse. Successful and useful IDs tend to get used for more things
[2018-11-20T17:59:43.430Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... burden of management: DIDs will be easier for companies and organizations.
[2018-11-20T17:59:58.557Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Jurisdictional boundaries, where different groups for different reasons need their own identifiers.
[2018-11-20T18:00:00.751Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-11-20T18:00:16.204Z]	<achughes>	pain point - vendor lock-in
[2018-11-20T18:00:16.943Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack christophera
[2018-11-20T18:00:20.861Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	<humor> a world of pain (points) </h>
[2018-11-20T18:00:27.423Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: One size trust does not fit all
[2018-11-20T18:00:30.723Z]	<manu>	good summary, is really going to help write the W3C TAG primer
[2018-11-20T18:00:39.450Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... you get to decide what your trust model is
[2018-11-20T18:00:40.710Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-11-20T18:00:50.923Z]	<Moses>	bye y'all, have a great thanksgiving!
[2018-11-20T18:00:55.000Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	HAPPY TURKEY DAY
[2018-11-20T18:01:02.923Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-11-20T18:01:04.110Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Joe: see you
[2018-11-20T18:01:11.614Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
