[Tue 11:05:09] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Oct/0012.html
[Tue 11:05:10] <dlongley>	scribe: dlongley
[Tue 11:05:52] <dlongley>	manu: We've got very good news. The VC work is progressing at W3C in an official capacity now. We need to cover an after action report for everyone not at TPAC. We will also remind folks to register for the F2F meeting, early bird registration ends in 2 days, costs go up considerably after that.
[Tue 11:05:52] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-000002cc] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:56] <ShaneM>	present+ ShaneM
[Tue 11:06:19] <dlongley>	manu: We need to cover the F2F agenda and get commitments for people to present and we will want to dive into presentations. Ideally we want them done in ~10 days.
[Tue 11:06:27] <dlongley>	manu: In mid october, roughly.
[Tue 11:06:27] <voip-vctf>	15308203418 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002cd] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:33] <dlongley>	manu: Any other changes or updates to the agenda?
[Tue 11:06:43] <voip-vctf>	15308203418 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002cd] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:06:55] <dlongley>	none
[Tue 11:06:55] <manu>	Topic: After Action Report - W3C TPAC
[Tue 11:07:01] <manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Oct/0011.html
[Tue 11:07:11] <voip-vctf>	15308203418 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002ce] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:34] <dlongley>	manu: There's a link to the public minutes. In general, the discussions around VC happened in 4 venues. First was a discussion in a breakout session, full room, really good outcome for a breakout session.
[Tue 11:07:44] <voip-vctf>	15413668863 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002cf] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:47] <manu>	voip: 2ce is BrianSletten
[Tue 11:07:47] <voip-vctf>	Associated BrianSletten with SIP/69.65.34.216-000002ce.
[Tue 11:07:48] <dlongley>	manu: We still haven't gotten minutes up for that yet, hope to do that later on in the week.
[Tue 11:07:55] <manu>	voip: 2cf is NateOtto
[Tue 11:07:56] <voip-vctf>	Associated NateOtto with SIP/69.65.34.216-000002cf.
[Tue 11:08:10] *	Guest (~textual@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:08:38] <dlongley>	manu: We two sessions in the Web Payments IG that covered VC topic. One minor discussion in the advisory committee forum that happened that is member confidential, can't talk about that on the call, but if you're a W3C member you can read the minutes.
[Tue 11:10:05] *	burn (~burn@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:10:14] <dlongley>	manu: Web Payments IG met to discuss where the work was going, W3M was there, specifically Wendy Seltzer, she needs to give thumbs up for the work to start. We did the same presentation we did in July to show the rest of the WPIG and bring them up to speed with where we were. Towards the end Wendy noted that she had remaining concerns and she was unconvinced that the work should proceed. When asked for specific concerns she said the security community, in particular, Jeff Hodges from Paypal had concerns. She suggested that the Web App Sec group chime in.
[Tue 11:10:35] <dlongley>	manu: It looked like the work was going to stall. We would continue incubating in this group but it seemed like it was a no go on Thursday.
[Tue 11:10:47] <voip-vctf>	14074213242 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002d0] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:11:07] <burn>	voip: 2d0 is DanBurnett
[Tue 11:11:07] <voip-vctf>	Associated DanBurnett with SIP/69.65.34.216-000002d0.
[Tue 11:11:35] <dlongley>	manu: The day after (Friday), the Web App Sec attended the WPIG meeting and it was noted that people thought that they had concerns, and they were asked what the security concerns with the VC work was. The outcome was that they were concerned with the VC work when it was time to integrate with the browser, but since we're not doing that in the charter, they had no concerns with the charter as is.
[Tue 11:12:08] <dlongley>	manu: The Web App Sec WG did not want to be viewed as either an enabler or as a blocker for the work. They said there will be security and privacy review as the work goes along and that's not an issue (and we agreed).
[Tue 11:12:47] <dlongley>	manu: There were concerns with Web App Sec WG saying they agreed to the work starting and then that being used against them in 2 years when integrating with the browser. But that's not what was being discussed, so the result was there was no issues raised by the group.
[Tue 11:13:17] <dlongley>	manu: Wendy then said she would prep a transition to do advanced notice that the work was approved by management and would be going out to the membership.
[Tue 11:13:21] <manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-new-work/2016Oct/0001.html
[Tue 11:14:54] <webber>	great news!
[Tue 11:14:56] <dlongley>	manu: To remind of the process -- we've been incubating work for the past few years and the WPIG picked up that work to do due diligence on whether the work should proceed. That work was reviewed during TPAC and the consensus was that it was ready. We are in the charter in development stage right now. There is an advance notice sent out to the W3C membership as a public notice saying that W3M is working on a charter and the AC reps for the 400+ membership gets this. This is a heads up for anyone that cares about standards on the Web that this work is going through the W3C process.
[Tue 11:15:37] <dlongley>	manu: Feedback will be public feedback and W3C member feedback will close out by November, at which point, if there isn't strong concern/push back or scope issues, which we aren't expecting because we've circulated this quite a bit before. THen there will be W3C membership vote probably in November.
[Tue 11:15:43] <dlongley>	manu: The minimum period the vote can run is 4 weeks.
[Tue 11:15:50] <dlongley>	manu: We should expect 4-6 weeks, 8 weeks tops for the vote to be done.
[Tue 11:16:11] <voip-vctf>	14105315457 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002d2] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:16:12] <dlongley>	manu: They are doing this on a bit of an accelerated time frame because we've already done a lot of work and circulation (work is well known).
[Tue 11:16:15] <voip-vctf>	14105315457 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002d2] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:16:15] <voip-vctf>	12143842284 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002d3] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:16:16] <voip-vctf>	15308203418 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002d4] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:16:23] <ShaneM>	q?
[Tue 11:16:23] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:16:29] <dlongley>	manu: So this is all great news. I'll stop here if there are any questions on what happened at TPAC or where we are.
[Tue 11:16:33] <dlongley>	manu: Any comments?
[Tue 11:16:57] *	Richard_Varn (~Richard_Varn@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:16:59] <voip-vctf>	14074213242 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002d6] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:17:04] <voip-vctf>	16179245273 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002d7] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:17:12] <burn>	voip: 2d6 is DanBurnett
[Tue 11:17:12] <voip-vctf>	Associated DanBurnett with SIP/69.65.34.216-000002d6.
[Tue 11:17:22] *	burn also lost audio
[Tue 11:17:22] <dlongley>	ShaneM: Congrats to the group.
[Tue 11:17:32] <voip-vctf>	14103367698 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002d8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:17:35] *	burn is back now with audio
[Tue 11:17:44] *	dlongley manu^ some people lost audio may want to tell them they can comment/question on what happened at TPAC again
[Tue 11:18:06] <voip-vctf>	16106179300 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002d9] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:18:08] <dlongley>	no other comments/questions.
[Tue 11:18:16] <voip-vctf>	15152298984 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002da] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:18:25] <dlongley>	manu: We're having a F2F meeting on 27th-28th of October.
[Tue 11:18:25] <voip-vctf>	15413668863 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002db] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:18:26] <manu>	Topic: Registering for VC Face-to-Face
[Tue 11:18:35] <manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Oct/0008.html
[Tue 11:18:36] *	Guest is now known as NateOtto
[Tue 11:18:43] <NateOtto>	voip 02db is NateOtto
[Tue 11:18:48] <NateOtto>	voip:02db is NateOtto
[Tue 11:18:48] <voip-vctf>	Unknown command: is NateOtto
[Tue 11:19:03] <NateOtto>	voip: 02db is NateOtto
[Tue 11:19:03] <voip-vctf>	Associated NateOtto with SIP/69.65.34.216-000002db.
[Tue 11:19:05] <gkellogg>	q+
[Tue 11:19:05] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: gkellogg
[Tue 11:19:27] <dlongley>	manu: There is a link in IRC for registering, if you want to be at the F2F please go to the link right now. If you are only going to be at the F2F meeting you only need the one ticket, but if you will be there for all four days please by a regular ticket.
[Tue 11:19:37] <dlongley>	manu: The regular ticket covers the F2F meeting as well.
[Tue 11:19:52] <dlongley>	gkellogg: This is registration for IIW and VC is taking place coincidentally with that. There is no specific VC registration.
[Tue 11:19:56] <dlongley>	gkellogg: Just to clarify.
[Tue 11:20:00] <dlongley>	manu: Correct, we're co-locating with IIW.
[Tue 11:20:19] <dlongley>	manu: We want good cross pollination with that group and they were nice to assist.
[Tue 11:20:38] <dlongley>	manu: If you just want a one-day ticket for F2F you can do that.
[Tue 11:20:47] <dlongley>	manu: You can always register at the door, but it will be much more expensive.
[Tue 11:20:50] <dlongley>	manu: They have sold out of tickets before.
[Tue 11:20:52] <dlongley>	manu: So don't wait.
[Tue 11:21:05] <dlongley>	manu: Any questions about registration?
[Tue 11:21:12] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000002dc] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:21:20] <dlongley>	bsletten: Is there an agenda for the two days?
[Tue 11:21:23] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, we'll be discussing shortly.
[Tue 11:22:01] <webber>	will it be scribed on irc?
[Tue 11:22:04] <dlongley>	manu: Let me backup a bit actually. I've got one more thing ... if you are a W3C membership company, you *need* to say something about the work and/or that you want it to start.
[Tue 11:22:14] <dlongley>	manu: So, for example, Matt, Richard, we need you to get your AC rep to respond.
[Tue 11:22:16] <manu>	Topic: Verifiable Claims Face-to-Face Agenda
[Tue 11:22:21] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uYDRcHs_EOpJzezJerKnKT4Grni1sFLX2nRp7zlq2BE/edit
[Tue 11:22:59] <dlongley>	manu: We only have this week and next to finalize the agenda. The following week is RWoT and then it's IIW. We won't have last two weeks of Oct to work on this. So we only have ~10 days to get it all sorted.
[Tue 11:23:40] *	ShaneM lost audio?
[Tue 11:24:33] *	burn lost audio again
[Tue 11:24:33] *	burn is redialing
[Tue 11:24:40] <voip-vctf>	19522371878 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002dd] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:24:40] <voip-vctf>	19522371878 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002dd] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:24:44] <voip-vctf>	14074213242 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002e7] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:24:47] <voip-vctf>	15152298984 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002e2] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:24:47] <voip-vctf>	16179245273 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002e8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:24:54] <burn>	voip: 2e7 is DanBurnett
[Tue 11:24:54] <voip-vctf>	Associated DanBurnett with SIP/69.65.34.216-000002e7.
[Tue 11:25:00] <voip-vctf>	15308203418 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002e9] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:25:09] <voip-vctf>	16106179300 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002ea] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:25:34] <dlongley>	manu: I changed the agenda around a bit based on feedback from various folks. We're looking for people to present. If you are interested in presenting something we aren't covering please speak up during the call.
[Tue 11:25:37] <dlongley>	manu: We're starting a bit later than usual because it's the last day of IIW and people may be low on energy.
[Tue 11:25:40] <dlongley>	manu: At 10-10:30 ...my hope is that Richard and Matt ... Richard, Matt, and Dan Burnett have volunteered to chair the VCWG and we need to have an offline discussion on that and what it entails and we've let W3M know about your interest.
[Tue 11:25:44] <dlongley>	manu: If anyone disagrees with them chairing or has a candidate to nominate please let us know.
[Tue 11:25:45] <dlongley>	manu: 10-10:30 are introductions. The hope is that chairs of the group, right now, Richard and Matt, will outline goals for everyone.
[Tue 11:25:45] <dlongley>	manu: Then going over use cases, Joe Andrieu.
[Tue 11:25:45] <dlongley>	manu: Shane, we've shifted you around a bit.
[Tue 11:25:48] <dlongley>	manu: Richard, Matt can you chair this meeting?
[Tue 11:25:50] <dlongley>	Varn: Yes.
[Tue 11:25:52] <dlongley>	Stone: Yes.
[Tue 11:25:57] <dlongley>	manu: Great, thank you.
[Tue 11:26:18] <dlongley>	manu: The main thing you need to do is just make sure we stay on time and stay on schedule. Not a lot of decisions made just discussions. Just a goal to make sure we hit times and breaks, etc.
[Tue 11:26:48] <dlongley>	manu: Also, to make sure the discussion stays on track and there are other people who have done this before that will help you do this but we'll generally look to you to make sure we stay on schedule. We should have an offline discussion to make sure we know what's going on.
[Tue 11:26:54] *	ShaneM uggh...  dialing back in
[Tue 11:26:56] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-000002cc] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:27:30] <dlongley>	gkellogg: Also to make sure the meetings are minuted and different people participate.
[Tue 11:27:31] <dlongley>	manu: We will probably appoint scribes before the meeting so we don't have to keep asking who will scribe the next session and then we'll rotate folks.
[Tue 11:27:33] <dlongley>	manu: In an email Joe said he'd be happy to cover use cases and he'd be there.
[Tue 11:27:37] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-000002ec] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:27:37] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-000002ec] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:27:37] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-000002ed] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:27:58] *	adamlake has quit ("Leaving")
[Tue 11:28:10] <dlongley>	manu: 11:30-12:30 is industry use cases. So, for example, we don't have anyone down for education yet but my hope was someone from badge alliance could do that talk. Nate, is there anyone you've identified that could do that?
[Tue 11:28:11] <ShaneM>	How about getting John Tibbets to come down
[Tue 11:28:25] <dlongley>	NateOtto: Yes I have, he's looking into seeing if he can make the trip, he's located in SoCal.
[Tue 11:28:31] <dlongley>	NateOtto: I'll look for different people if that falls through.
[Tue 11:28:43] <dlongley>	manu: And if that falls through we've got Accreditrust, ETS, and Pearson that could do an education bit.
[Tue 11:29:01] <dlongley>	manu: Should be 15 minutes presentation, so like 6 slides max, etc. We're trying to get through 4 industries in an hour.
[Tue 11:29:12] <dlongley>	manu: Need someone for Payments, digital offers and coupons, etc. so on.
[Tue 11:29:14] <ShaneM>	david ezell will be there...
[Tue 11:29:20] <ShaneM>	and we should invite Gray Taylor
[Tue 11:29:29] <dlongley>	manu: Healthcare, Adrian Gropper, would you be able to do something with VC and healthcare?
[Tue 11:29:30] <stone_>	q+
[Tue 11:29:30] <voip-vctf>	stone_ has been added to the queue: gkellogg, stone_
[Tue 11:29:55] <dlongley>	agropper: Yes, we had a good meeting at the medical society here in MA and the outcome of the meeting hasn't been made public yet, but it doesn't matter because the use case is real and it will be a public thing anyway.
[Tue 11:30:09] <dlongley>	manu: Good. We also had really good meeting at the ONC healthcare blockchain group.
[Tue 11:30:20] <manu>	ack gkellogg 
[Tue 11:30:20] <dlongley>	manu: Don't know if anyone else from there can speak to that.
[Tue 11:30:20] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Tue 11:30:22] <manu>	ack stone_ 
[Tue 11:30:22] <voip-vctf>	stone_ has the floor.
[Tue 11:30:49] <dlongley>	stone: I had a quick question about structure [broken audio].
[Tue 11:31:02] <dlongley>	stone: What's the experience with coming into this agenda?
[Tue 11:32:05] <dlongley>	manu: This is kind of what happens in initial F2F meetings... 15 minutes is tough which is why we tell people to focus on just one thing. We have the use cases as well. If folks feel uncomfortable with 15 minutes we can stretch to 20-25 tops and take time out of use cases. Industry use cases are for giving people a flavor about which different industries this stuff can be used in. We try to limit this section to 1-2 hours. We've allocated 2 hours for this at the meeting.
[Tue 11:32:24] <dlongley>	stone: Thanks. The F2F in general, do we have a sense for how many people are coming, small or big group.
[Tue 11:32:41] <dlongley>	manu: Invitations went out to 94 people who have been engaged in the work and have said they want to come to F2F.
[Tue 11:33:01] <dlongley>	manu: So potentially them plus whomever shows up from IIW. Room seats 30 :). Plenty of extra chairs to put around the room.
[Tue 11:33:10] *	burn hopes you don't need a jumbotron on the lawn
[Tue 11:33:12] *	yaso has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:33:13] <dlongley>	manu: At day 1 we're going to be at the back of a really big conference hall and have space for spill over.
[Tue 11:33:32] <dlongley>	manu: We will have *at least* 15 people, probably 25 but depending on demand I would guess 50. But we really don't know.
[Tue 11:33:56] <dlongley>	manu: People that use the code to sign up for IIW we'll know about, but we won't know about general ticket holders.
[Tue 11:34:06] <dlongley>	stone: Can we help general ticket holders know we're in the back of the room?
[Tue 11:34:24] <dlongley>	manu: IIW is an unconference, a handful of us will go to the board and write that we'll be doing presentations to notify people.
[Tue 11:34:27] <dlongley>	stone: Thanks.
[Tue 11:34:54] <dlongley>	manu: Healthcare is Adrian Gropper, Entertainment ... we have folks from the movie and recording industry that, if they can show up, they will do some use cases.
[Tue 11:35:02] <dlongley>	manu: After that, it's lunch.
[Tue 11:35:05] <manu>	Face to face agenda: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uYDRcHs_EOpJzezJerKnKT4Grni1sFLX2nRp7zlq2BE/edit#
[Tue 11:35:21] <dlongley>	manu: After lunch we have Shane doing VC proposed architecture/goals.
[Tue 11:35:24] <dlongley>	ShaneM: Yes, I'm good with that.
[Tue 11:35:27] <Varn>	additional resources on the education use cases from the Connecting Credentials group and here is there just released report:  http://r20.rs6.net/tn.jsp?f=0016EGMJ9bLGwwbI5UGTMk63xoFlT1xdJILw1nK58wHfvPmEbr4hn0wzP6dD13QQY5qkzGVlRZ_LQ9Evri9ndw1UfShJ5hvw0JPP8MDlLe0lcZ8zMK8mWKWaEXNDLZIvwCdrHJjnPIW4H3wIdU-vOuqmGbwDG4SoHDPW1O_SICpOt3a_iVe76TXBWFEqckIVhGI4jmz1PmG8Yw=&c=7VwkgR4UESD_HJorD66w7xkDIqTcWVkBPavfiov2vYE9bs7C3u32JQ==&ch=N-wsR5mpyUE9uo8uhwIe1Dlm[CUT]
[Tue 11:35:46] <dlongley>	manu: Since we won't have Dan there ... we're going to try and dial him in from China but that may be a tenuous thing. We're going to cover the data model and representations.
[Tue 11:36:07] <ShaneM>	I can cover the data model as well if needed
[Tue 11:36:11] <dlongley>	manu: Then a break, then a review of the plan for progress at W3C. Richard and Matt will be doing that but I'm happy to help and Shane/Gregg as well.
[Tue 11:36:36] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000002f0] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:36:37] <dlongley>	manu: Then 4:30-5:00 is an agenda bash for the next day, things always come up and we want to stay flexible on day 2.
[Tue 11:36:49] <dlongley>	manu: Then dinner at 6:00pm with everyone hopefully as long as it's not like 50 people that want to go :).
[Tue 11:36:57] <dlongley>	manu: Any questions/concerns for the day 1 agenda?
[Tue 11:37:01] <dlongley>	manu: It's a pretty typical first F2F agenda.
[Tue 11:37:38] <dlongley>	manu: We start earlier on day 2: 8:30-9, giving people time to get done early and get to flights.
[Tue 11:37:50] <dlongley>	manu: Venue is the same, room changes on day 2.
[Tue 11:37:57] <dlongley>	manu: Agenda review/bash at the beginning.
[Tue 11:38:11] <dlongley>	manu: Then 9:30-10:30 talking about self-sovereign identifiers and more long term architectural concerns.
[Tue 11:38:26] <dlongley>	manu: Hope here is that Les, Drummond, Christopher talk about DIDs and potentially browser integration in a few years.
[Tue 11:38:37] <dlongley>	manu: Getting people to understand that and how that happens would be good. Privacy and security review.
[Tue 11:38:54] <dlongley>	manu: Then short break. Then 11:00am-12:30pm we'll do a deep dive on data model/open badges.
[Tue 11:39:04] <dlongley>	manu: Les, are you good for presenting at 9:30 on day 2?
[Tue 11:39:08] *	dlongley you may be muted, Les
[Tue 11:39:39] <dlongley>	manu: I did talk with Drummond and Les at the blockchain workshop and they said they would be down for doing this and they'd already signed up, just wanted to check in.
[Tue 11:40:08] <dlongley>	manu: Nate, you and I and hopefully some other people can come up with a clear positioning statement how VC are complimentary to open badges and how things fit together.
[Tue 11:40:16] <dlongley>	manu: And talking about how we ended up with the claim format we have.
[Tue 11:40:20] <dlongley>	manu: Pros/Cons.
[Tue 11:40:38] <dlongley>	manu: Gregg, my hope is that you can lead some of this stuff because it has a lot to do with Linked Data, with myself and Shane supporting you.
[Tue 11:41:03] *	les (~les@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:41:03] <dlongley>	gkellogg: Yeah, I can do that. Certainly I understand the Linked Data/RDF bits the most and you guys know the most about how that integrates with the specific application here.
[Tue 11:41:07] <dlongley>	manu: Great, then lunch.
[Tue 11:41:19] <dlongley>	manu: 1:30-2:30 Linked Data signatures, JWTs, and going over the formats for these claims.
[Tue 11:41:23] *	les has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:41:24] <dlongley>	manu: This is a fairly important and touchy subject.
[Tue 11:41:27] *	les (~les@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:41:31] <dlongley>	manu: We're going to be dealing with this over the never couple of years.
[Tue 11:41:43] <dlongley>	manu: So it's good to get out on the table and let people understand what the tradeoffs and choices are.
[Tue 11:42:03] <dlongley>	manu: Then next steps and when we'll be meeting next, etc. Hopefully everyone out by 3pm so people can catch flights out.
[Tue 11:42:17] <dlongley>	manu: Things not on here, testing, and test requirements, but don't know where to fit that in.
[Tue 11:42:20] <les>	appologies i am having audio issues ... we (Drummond and/or I) will be able to talk about SSI
[Tue 11:42:28] *	manu thx les :)
[Tue 11:42:34] <dlongley>	ShaneM: Agendas expand to fill all available time, don't think we should shoe horn in.
[Tue 11:42:50] <dlongley>	ShaneM: I think we're well positioned to exercise this stuff already and can bring slides in case people are interested.
[Tue 11:42:53] <dlongley>	manu: Thanks, Shane.
[Tue 11:43:10] <dlongley>	manu: This agenda is only good if people on this call agree it's a good line up. Did we miss anything/should we add more breaks/any feedback/changes?
[Tue 11:43:57] <dlongley>	ShaneM: I think we are being a little over-ambitious ... people tend to go into the weeds at an unconference.
[Tue 11:44:11] <dlongley>	manu: We've got things we can drop ... lots of time allocated for use cases and we can shave some of that off.
[Tue 11:44:34] <stone_>	q+
[Tue 11:44:34] <voip-vctf>	stone_ has been added to the queue: stone_
[Tue 11:44:41] <dlongley>	manu: On day 2, we have 1.5 hours for a deep dive on the data model and we also cover it on day 1 as well, so we may not need that much time on it or we may sacrifice it in the name of something else.
[Tue 11:44:52] <dlongley>	manu: So we have 1.5 hours to play with.
[Tue 11:44:59] <dlongley>	manu: But I think that's about it.
[Tue 11:45:05] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 11:45:05] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stone_
[Tue 11:45:09] <agropper>	q+
[Tue 11:45:09] <voip-vctf>	agropper has been added to the queue: stone_, agropper
[Tue 11:45:19] *	dlongley i can't hear Matt
[Tue 11:45:41] <stone>	to help w/ the agenda priority
[Tue 11:45:59] <stone>	what is our essential take away or objective for the face to face?
[Tue 11:46:02] <dlongley>	ack stone_
[Tue 11:46:02] <voip-vctf>	stone_ has the floor.
[Tue 11:46:12] <dlongley>	manu: What we're trying to do is level set.
[Tue 11:46:22] <dlongley>	manu: Get everyone on the same page with where the work is currently, no decisions, just education.
[Tue 11:46:36] <stone>	most attendees are likely familiar w/ the work to date?
[Tue 11:46:40] <dlongley>	manu: Talk about what we've been up to past 2 years, we may need to do again once the WG starts depending on new people in the group, but this is just level setting.
[Tue 11:46:44] <dlongley>	manu: There will be people new to the work.
[Tue 11:47:00] <dlongley>	manu: Most attendees will not have background on what we've been doing.
[Tue 11:47:12] <stone>	so this is a real introduction. - thanks.
[Tue 11:47:17] <dlongley>	manu: As frustrating as that will be for those who have been doing this for a while, it's a necessity to bring people up to speed.
[Tue 11:47:22] <manu>	ack agropper 
[Tue 11:47:22] <voip-vctf>	agropper has the floor.
[Tue 11:48:08] <dlongley>	agropper: I'd like to see a session or mention of where verifiable claims fits in with other standards work, in particular, UMA, distributed ID, etc. What does it mean for the browser to be taken up in the future, general architecture for how things fit together, maybe necessary for a F2F.
[Tue 11:48:23] <dlongley>	manu: A very good point, maybe try and hash that out at IIW and then bring those learnings to the F2F meeting.
[Tue 11:48:26] <dlongley>	manu: Thoughts?
[Tue 11:48:28] <dlongley>	agropper: Yes.
[Tue 11:48:33] <stone_>	+1
[Tue 11:48:43] <dlongley>	manu: Ok, a couple of us should do a session at IIW to talk about how VC fits in with everything else.
[Tue 11:49:02] <dlongley>	manu: In some cases it may be unclear, for example, in a deployed SAML system, but WG job is to figure out how these things all fit in exactly.
[Tue 11:49:05] <stone>	"how does VClaims fit in the broader context..."
[Tue 11:49:09] <dlongley>	manu: Figuring out easy integration points.
[Tue 11:49:13] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, Matt.
[Tue 11:49:32] <dlongley>	manu: Any other comments/concerns about the agenda?
[Tue 11:49:36] <dlongley>	none
[Tue 11:50:00] <dlongley>	manu: In that case, if everyone is down for a presentation, please start as soon as you can on that. Link off of the agenda that we have in the google doc. For your presentation, highlight the text and add a link.
[Tue 11:50:25] <dlongley>	manu: Anyone can comment in that doc. Go into the doc, highlight your topic and link to your presentation, PDF, Google doc/presentation thing, etc.
[Tue 11:50:41] <dlongley>	manu: The sooner we have those, the better, I'll start pestering people in a week if there isn't at least a rough draft up.
[Tue 11:50:50] <dlongley>	manu: There's one last item on the agenda.
[Tue 11:50:53] <manu>	Topic: Feedback on W3C Verifiable Claims Announcement
[Tue 11:51:01] <manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-new-work/2016Oct/0001.html
[Tue 11:51:08] <dlongley>	manu: W3C sent out a notice that they are working on the VCWG charter.
[Tue 11:51:25] <dlongley>	manu: This is advance notice. It is important if you are interested in the work in any way shape or form that you send feedback to that list.
[Tue 11:51:27] <manu>	Send feedback to: Web Payments Comments mailing-list <public-webpayments-comments@w3.org> 
[Tue 11:51:41] <dlongley>	manu: You can also send it back to the AC forum if you are giving feedback through your AC rep.
[Tue 11:52:03] <Varn>	now or wait for them to ask?
[Tue 11:52:05] <dlongley>	manu: If you want the work to start at W3C you should absolutely respond to say you interested in this work starting. They want to see public interest. Talking about use cases is an added bonus.
[Tue 11:52:18] <dlongley>	manu: Richard, do it now, don't wait for them to ask.
[Tue 11:52:47] <dlongley>	manu: Just provide feedback that you want this stuff to start. You will be asked again, specifically, your AC rep will be asked in a month/month in a half. But in this initial phase it's really important that everyone interested in the work speak up. They want to hear from you.
[Tue 11:53:08] <dlongley>	manu: I think that's it for the call today, anything else to discuss? We only have one more call this month, then we'll be at IIW and RWoT and won't have calls.
[Tue 11:53:19] <dlongley>	manu: Any concerns that we should address before the call next week?
[Tue 11:53:22] <dlongley>	none
[Tue 11:53:37] <dlongley>	manu: We'll meet next week and check up on presentations. congrats to everyone!
[Tue 11:53:37] <dlongley>	Present+ burke, mccarron, lehn, kennedy, sletten, otto, burn, stone, webber, varn
