[Tue 12:03:30] <DavidC>	Sorry all, I am going to have to be chat only today as I cannot get SIP to work (and Kim can verify that!)
[Tue 12:05:32] <DavidC>	I can phone from my house phone when I need to talk to a topic (but I don't think I am on an agenda item today)
[Tue 12:05:34] *	Drummond (~Drummond@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:05:34] <kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Sep/0032.html
[Tue 12:05:34] <kimhd>	https://goo.gl/WVHuDh
[Tue 12:05:36] *	manu doesn't have access to scribe list: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LTBD4zKxbubSPqgDQre7BfYxwErittLrlTYLFEakEIA/edit
[Tue 12:05:38] *	simmondp (~simmondp@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:06:03] <voip-ccg>	972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:06:20] <manu>	voip: mute 29e
[Tue 12:06:20] <voip-ccg>	Muting 972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029e].
[Tue 12:06:24] *	manu had to mute Lionel
[Tue 12:06:31] <manu>	voip: 29e is Lionel
[Tue 12:06:31] <voip-ccg>	Associated Lionel with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029e.
[Tue 12:06:39] <manu>	scribe: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:06:43] <JoeAndrieu>	scribe on
[Tue 12:06:49] *	cdchapman is Chris Chapman
[Tue 12:06:54] <ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/21
[Tue 12:06:58] <voip-ccg>	16179245273 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:07:18] <manu>	voip: 29f is AdrianGropper
[Tue 12:07:18] <voip-ccg>	Associated AdrianGropper with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029f.
[Tue 12:07:27] <ChristopherA>	https://www.eventbrite.com/e/rebootingweboftrust-design-workshop-v-fall-2017-in-boston-area-usa-tickets-34984665075
[Tue 12:07:27] <kimhd>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:07:27] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: MosesMa [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000028e], AdamSobieski [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000028f], ChristopherA [SIP/10.0.1.4-00000290], kimhd [SIP/73.193.23.65-00000291], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000292], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000293], Global Identity Foundation [SIP/78.147.230.115-00000295], rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000294], JoeAndrieu [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000297], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000299], cdchapman
[Tue 12:07:28] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000029b], nage [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000029c], 12066188530 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029d], Lionel [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029e], AdrianGropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029f].
[Tue 12:07:36] <ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2017/tree/master/topics-and-advance-readings
[Tue 12:07:42] <manu>	q+ to say that Lionel is muted.
[Tue 12:07:42] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:07:50] <manu>	voip: unmute 29e
[Tue 12:07:50] <voip-ccg>	Unmuting Lionel [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029e].
[Tue 12:07:50] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: Rebooting Web of Trust in three weeks.
[Tue 12:07:55] *	kimhd anyone claim area code 206?
[Tue 12:08:12] *	Drummond that's me, Drummond
[Tue 12:08:31] *	kimhd I just figured that out -- Seattleite!
[Tue 12:08:42] <Drummond>	voip: 29d is Drummond
[Tue 12:08:42] <voip-ccg>	Associated Drummond with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029d.
[Tue 12:09:12] <manu>	Topic: Introductions and Reintroductions
[Tue 12:09:22] <Drummond>	The speaker's voice is very weak
[Tue 12:09:23] <JoeAndrieu>	Chapman: Working with Scholarly Commons, we are trying to create an alternative system for scholarship and science
[Tue 12:10:09] *	manu interested in DIDs, Linked Data Signatures, and things like that.
[Tue 12:10:24] <JoeAndrieu>	... interested in DIDs, Linked Data Signatures, and things like that.
[Tue 12:10:57] <JoeAndrieu>	Grant: I got involved in a prior conference. Helped with DID specification.
[Tue 12:11:09] <JoeAndrieu>	... Interest on the bitcoin side of things. Bitcoin method spec.
[Tue 12:11:16] <JoeAndrieu>	... also contributed to PGP comparison method
[Tue 12:11:27] <JoeAndrieu>	... more of a teaching example of things that RWoT is attempting to fix
[Tue 12:11:47] <JoeAndrieu>	... In Puerto Rico. Near miss from Hurricane Irma. Power back on this morning!
[Tue 12:11:50] <voip-ccg>	Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000002a0] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:11:51] *	manu glad that rgrant is okay!
[Tue 12:11:55] <voip-ccg>	Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000002a0] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:12:03] *	dlongley +1
[Tue 12:12:19] <JoeAndrieu>	+1 for surviving hurricanes
[Tue 12:12:20] *	manu whoa, 1 month w/o power!
[Tue 12:12:33] *	manu yikes!
[Tue 12:12:54] <voip-ccg>	Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000002a2] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:13:06] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: Mom is 1 month w/o power. Blockstream satellite down for 19 hours.
[Tue 12:13:30] <manu>	Topic: Action Items
[Tue 12:14:14] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: going down the bug list is a good plan
[Tue 12:14:23] <Drummond>	We have lots to talk about on the DID front to prep for the sessions we want to have at RWOT.
[Tue 12:14:33] *	manu ChristopherA - your audio is robot'ing pretty badly
[Tue 12:14:34] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: Privacy & Security of verifiable claims came up in VCWG call earlier
[Tue 12:14:59] <Drummond>	Yes, can barely understand Christopher
[Tue 12:15:11] *	manu you sound like a Transformer... more than meets the eye.
[Tue 12:15:34] <Drummond>	Yes, that's it, we've finally figured it out! Christopher is a Transformer!
[Tue 12:15:36] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA [SIP/10.0.1.4-00000290] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:15:43] <Drummond>	That explains his supernatural powers
[Tue 12:15:44] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA [SIP/10.0.1.4-000002a3] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:15:55] *	rgrant yays
[Tue 12:16:18] *	manu poker chip gnomes.
[Tue 12:16:22] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: also two work items from Joe and David (Lificycle)
[Tue 12:16:55] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA [SIP/10.0.1.4-000002a3] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:17:06] <JoeAndrieu>	kimhd: in advance of RWoT, we're going to be focused on DIDs.
[Tue 12:17:14] <JoeAndrieu>	... reach out to us if you want any meeting time
[Tue 12:17:21] <JoeAndrieu>	... we'll be doing that for data minimization
[Tue 12:17:26] <JoeAndrieu>	... other action items
[Tue 12:17:35] <voip-ccg>	15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002a4] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:17:42] <manu>	voip: 2a4 is ChristopherA
[Tue 12:17:42] <voip-ccg>	Associated ChristopherA with SIP/69.65.34.216-000002a4.
[Tue 12:17:50] <JoeAndrieu>	... one assigned to me (KimHD) for propagating new name and mission statement
[Tue 12:18:04] <JoeAndrieu>	... Manu had action item to follow up with Dan from EOS
[Tue 12:18:11] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: still in progress
[Tue 12:18:26] <voip-ccg>	Global Identity Foundation [SIP/78.147.230.115-00000295] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:18:27] *	manu kimhd we can hear you, you can't hear us.
[Tue 12:18:28] <JoeAndrieu>	... Dan has the information he needs
[Tue 12:18:35] <DavidC>	@ Joe, I would love to attend RWOT but have no funding alas
[Tue 12:19:06] *	dlongley moses is talking, kim, but you can't hear him
[Tue 12:19:10] <JoeAndrieu>	kimhd: send Journalist outreach to mosesm (done)
[Tue 12:19:17] *	manu kimhd you can't hear us
[Tue 12:19:18] <ChristopherA>	Kim you can't hear us.
[Tue 12:19:23] *	manu kimhd you can't hear us - reconnect! :)
[Tue 12:19:24] *	kimhd sorry :(
[Tue 12:19:28] <voip-ccg>	kimhd [SIP/73.193.23.65-00000291] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:19:38] <mosesm>	q+
[Tue 12:19:38] <voip-ccg>	mosesm has been added to the queue: manu, mosesm
[Tue 12:19:41] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: I'm back. On regular phone.
[Tue 12:19:46] *	manu likes how we're totally using our Chair backups. :)
[Tue 12:19:54] <voip-ccg>	Global Identity Foundation [SIP/78.147.230.115-000002a5] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:19:55] *	manu highly available chairing.
[Tue 12:19:59] <JoeAndrieu>	... When is our deadline for TPAC discussion to get into a 15 minute intro or whatever?
[Tue 12:19:59] *	kimhd I like meetings better when I'm the only one who can talk :)
[Tue 12:20:01] <cdchapman>	+1
[Tue 12:20:14] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: They like to have agendas out at least a month in advance
[Tue 12:20:24] <JoeAndrieu>	... The Wed plenary meeting is done the day of.
[Tue 12:20:30] <JoeAndrieu>	... but we should have our ducks in a row.
[Tue 12:20:42] <kimhd>	voip: connectiond?
[Tue 12:20:42] <voip-ccg>	Unknown command: connectiond?
[Tue 12:20:43] <voip-ccg>	14256520150 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002a6] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:20:44] <kimhd>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:20:44] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: MosesMa [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000028e], AdamSobieski [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000028f], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000292], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000293], rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000294], JoeAndrieu [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000297], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000299], cdchapman [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000029b], nage [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000029c], Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029d], Lionel [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029e], AdrianGropper
[Tue 12:20:44] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029f], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000002a2], ChristopherA [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002a4], Global Identity Foundation [SIP/78.147.230.115-000002a5], 14256520150 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002a6].
[Tue 12:20:44] <JoeAndrieu>	... presentations, know what we are presenting, so we are stomping on each others toes
[Tue 12:20:54] <JoeAndrieu>	... if we can set an Oct 15 deadline for what we want to do
[Tue 12:21:04] <kimhd>	voip: 2a6 is kimhd
[Tue 12:21:04] <voip-ccg>	Associated kimhd with SIP/69.65.34.216-000002a6.
[Tue 12:21:06] <JoeAndrieu>	... for the actual face to face meetings, that should be a month out
[Tue 12:21:13] <JoeAndrieu>	... December 10?
[Tue 12:21:28] <JoeAndrieu>	... main thing is to figure out what we want to do that Wednesday
[Tue 12:21:54] <JoeAndrieu>	... we can meet for an hour and we are competing against everyone else. The idea is that we can pull other W3C members in
[Tue 12:22:17] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: We'll add that as a deadline to complete after RWoT
[Tue 12:22:51] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:22:51] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu, mosesm
[Tue 12:22:51] *	manu nice work Moses! mosesm 
[Tue 12:22:55] <manu>	ack manu 
[Tue 12:22:57] <JoeAndrieu>	moses: send this to retired editor at Reuters. pulitzer winner. Interested and would like to contribute. Dealing with Irma aftermath
[Tue 12:22:58] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to say that Lionel is muted.).
[Tue 12:22:59] <ChristopherA>	ack mosesm
[Tue 12:22:59] <voip-ccg>	mosesm has the floor.
[Tue 12:23:05] <ChristopherA>	ack manu
[Tue 12:23:05] <voip-ccg>	manu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:23:11] *	kimhd +1 great work Moses. and sorry for talking over you :(
[Tue 12:23:41] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: We have a sponsor who is renting a house with five rooms, especially for European visitors who have higher expenses
[Tue 12:23:55] <JoeAndrieu>	... also looking to E&Y for something similar
[Tue 12:24:13] <JoeAndrieu>	... if you are in need of financial assistance, be in touch with ChristopherA
[Tue 12:24:41] <JoeAndrieu>	lionel wolberger: please add me to that list
[Tue 12:24:55] <ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/21
[Tue 12:24:56] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: next on Agenda. Issue 21
[Tue 12:24:56] <JoeAndrieu>	Topic: Proofs vs. Signatures 
[Tue 12:25:13] <JoeAndrieu>	... Manu has summarized which bugs should be first on our triage
[Tue 12:25:20] <ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/15
[Tue 12:25:24] <JoeAndrieu>	... #15 Proofs/Signatures
[Tue 12:25:41] <JoeAndrieu>	... In general, we should be thinking about things in terms of proofs because not everything will be a signature.
[Tue 12:25:48] <manu>	q+ to mention why proofs and what needs to be changed (from a technical perspective) to support this.
[Tue 12:25:48] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:25:55] <JoeAndrieu>	... especially when we start talking about privacy schemes
[Tue 12:26:09] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: we need to figure out if anyone will oppose the change
[Tue 12:26:31] <JoeAndrieu>	... this came about because the btcr hackathon raised a number of questions around "what about different ways of proving things?"
[Tue 12:26:32] *	rgrant lost internet, while Manu polling for opposition to change.
[Tue 12:26:38] *	rgrant back
[Tue 12:26:44] <JoeAndrieu>	... we have three classes that don't all fit into signature
[Tue 12:26:47] <JoeAndrieu>	... First, signatures
[Tue 12:26:54] *	kimhd fixing code format on that issue
[Tue 12:27:03] <voip-ccg>	13125222321 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002a7] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:27:08] <JoeAndrieu>	... Second, from the Joram case, how do we use psuedonymous biometeric
[Tue 12:27:15] *	rgrant back w/ audio
[Tue 12:27:25] <JoeAndrieu>	... Thirds, then there are hashes that aren't signatures
[Tue 12:27:49] <JoeAndrieu>	... we have examples where it is a proof, not a signature
[Tue 12:28:07] <JoeAndrieu>	... so we might change from linked data signatures to linked-data proofs
[Tue 12:28:09] <rgrant>	voip-ccg: 2a7 is rgrant
[Tue 12:28:09] <voip-ccg>	Associated rgrant with SIP/69.65.34.216-000002a7.
[Tue 12:28:28] <JoeAndrieu>	... or, if that's too drastic, we could just change the linked data library to ALSO accept a proof field
[Tue 12:28:49] <JoeAndrieu>	... already discussed this with Dave Longley. It's not a big change from an implementation perspective
[Tue 12:28:50] <kimhd>	q+
[Tue 12:28:50] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has been added to the queue: manu, kimhd
[Tue 12:29:03] <JoeAndrieu>	... Digital Bazaar is favorable towards proofs, happy to do first implementation
[Tue 12:29:16] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 12:29:17] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to mention why proofs and what needs to be changed (from a technical perspective) to support this.).
[Tue 12:29:21] <ChristopherA>	Q?
[Tue 12:29:24] <manu>	q/
[Tue 12:29:24] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:29:24] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: kimhd
[Tue 12:29:31] <ChristopherA>	ack kimhd
[Tue 12:29:31] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has the floor.
[Tue 12:29:32] *	manu third times the charm.
[Tue 12:29:32] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: I'd also like to add there are a number of blinding proofs where you proof you have the information without revealing it
[Tue 12:30:12] <JoeAndrieu>	kimhd: my interpretation was not so much that we need to update at the code/API level, but rather that we should refer to proofs instead of just signatures at the DID spec level
[Tue 12:30:22] <manu>	q+ to note why the low level change.
[Tue 12:30:22] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:30:27] <ChristopherA>	ack manu
[Tue 12:30:27] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to note why the low level change.).
[Tue 12:30:30] <JoeAndrieu>	... I didn't understand the separate signature and proofs field. Why would that be useful?
[Tue 12:30:38] <Drummond>	q+
[Tue 12:30:38] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has been added to the queue: Drummond
[Tue 12:30:43] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: Why the low level change? Let me unpack
[Tue 12:30:46] <ChristopherA>	timestamps is a good example of a proof and not signature
[Tue 12:31:10] <JoeAndrieu>	... We looked into that because all the code, all the data-model has a field called "signature" and you look into the signature to see if the data is valid or not.
[Tue 12:31:19] <JoeAndrieu>	... but there are other ways to check if the data is valid
[Tue 12:31:27] <JoeAndrieu>	... Christopher mentioned blind proofs
[Tue 12:31:48] <JoeAndrieu>	... if we didn't make this change, a future claim could have a biometric proof in the signature area. which is confusing.
[Tue 12:32:05] <JoeAndrieu>	... similar for blinding proof. Confusing to have non-signatures in a field named "signature"
[Tue 12:32:15] <JoeAndrieu>	... Also multi-proofs
[Tue 12:32:46] <JoeAndrieu>	... two things: you have to provide, e.g., a string from a hardware security module *and* something from a biometric mechanism.
[Tue 12:33:03] <JoeAndrieu>	... that's why we are moving towards a field that lets us put any of these types of proofs in there
[Tue 12:33:20] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 12:33:20] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: Drummond
[Tue 12:33:21] <JoeAndrieu>	lionel wolberger: let me add zkstarks and starks
[Tue 12:33:59] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: It might be a helpful things for all of us to be more careful to think and talk about things as proofs, rather than signatures.
[Tue 12:34:05] <manu>	q+ kimhd to clarify whether manu's response was helpful.
[Tue 12:34:05] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: Drummond, manu
[Tue 12:34:09] <ChristopherA>	Ack Drummond
[Tue 12:34:14] <manu>	ack Drummond
[Tue 12:34:15] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has the floor.
[Tue 12:34:18] <dlongley>	+1 to taxonomy change
[Tue 12:34:24] <ChristopherA>	ack drummund
[Tue 12:34:25] <voip-ccg>	drummund isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:34:32] <JoeAndrieu>	Drummond: Question. Is this a matter of semantics about what we call this element? Or is there some other aspect to the issue?
[Tue 12:34:34] <manu>	q+ to mention that it's both semantics and syntax/implementation.
[Tue 12:34:34] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, manu
[Tue 12:34:35] <cwebber>	webber: if we added blind proofs would we want a separate key property for blind proofs?
[Tue 12:34:47] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: Manu described it fairly well.
[Tue 12:34:53] <kimhd>	Got it Manu. I like the first proposal (everything is a proof, signature is a specific type)
[Tue 12:34:53] <cwebber>	webber: iirc there's a vulnerability in RSA if you use the same key for encryption as in blind proofs?
[Tue 12:35:02] <JoeAndrieu>	... there are ways to handle signatures architecturally that are different from some of the other proofs
[Tue 12:35:08] <manu>	cwebber, probably not, authenticationCredential would work for blind proofs as well... maybe... it depends!
[Tue 12:35:08] <kimhd>	Manu, I'm updating the issue with a quick summary of this discussion
[Tue 12:35:09] <cwebber>	wait
[Tue 12:35:18] <cwebber>	I meant blind signatures
[Tue 12:35:21] <manu>	kimhd, Thanks!
[Tue 12:35:21] <JoeAndrieu>	... so shifting thinking could impact architecture, data-model, etc.
[Tue 12:35:27] <cwebber>	I'm not sure those are the same thing?
[Tue 12:35:34] *	cwebber is naive
[Tue 12:35:47] <JoeAndrieu>	Drummond: what is being proposed in terms of changes to the spec
[Tue 12:36:09] *	dlongley there's a potential problem with blind signatures and RSA if you use the same key for encryption because you can be fooled into decrypting something --- if that's what you're getting at, but not sure that's related to what we're discussing here.
[Tue 12:36:12] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: Wherever we have signature in a field name, think through whether or not it really is a "proof" instead.
[Tue 12:36:18] <nage>	-1 to taxonomy change without more discussion (I'm feeling like there are some disconnects in how this being used by different systems, but perhaps I'm just not getting it yet)
[Tue 12:36:23] *	dlongley cwebber2^
[Tue 12:36:28] *	cwebber dlongley, yes that's what I was referring to
[Tue 12:36:57] *	cwebber I guess it depends also on if we expect the publicKey to be used for encryption also, but I'd think that's common enough that we'd want to expect it to be
[Tue 12:37:25] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: we are replacing the term where it makes sense. We need to think through the semantics of that, and add language about proof mechanisms. We have a list of what needs to be updated and are working on it.
[Tue 12:37:47] <JoeAndrieu>	... This is a fairly broad change. Nathan would like to discuss this further.
[Tue 12:38:00] <JoeAndrieu>	... This will probably take a couple weeks to sink in
[Tue 12:38:13] <manu>	q?
[Tue 12:38:13] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu, manu
[Tue 12:38:15] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 12:38:15] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (kimhd to clarify whether manu's response was helpful.).
[Tue 12:38:16] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 12:38:16] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to mention that it's both semantics and syntax/implementation.).
[Tue 12:38:19] <JoeAndrieu>	... Not sure I addressed Kim's concerns, but she's adding that to the tracker, so we can continue there
[Tue 12:38:28] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:38:28] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:38:46] <JoeAndrieu>	Drummond: I get this is a broader change. I don't know if we are trying to close on these...
[Tue 12:38:51] <JoeAndrieu>	... on today's call
[Tue 12:39:00] <dlongley>	"what is the overarching goal on the call"
[Tue 12:39:20] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: Not sure we can close very much other than trivial details, but I would like to get these changes into a draft before RWoT
[Tue 12:39:44] <JoeAndrieu>	... there's going to be live code and people registering DIDs, etc., I'd like the spec to be closer to much of our current thinking
[Tue 12:40:08] <JoeAndrieu>	... Trying to make it work (in btcr hackathon) taught us a lot. Would like to get same bump at RWoT
[Tue 12:40:21] <JoeAndrieu>	... Next up: Capabilities security model
[Tue 12:40:21] <JoeAndrieu>	Topic: Capabilities-based Security Model
[Tue 12:40:28] <ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/11
[Tue 12:40:43] <rgrant>	q+ short restatement of the confused deputy issue as currently written into the DID spec
[Tue 12:40:43] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been added to the queue: rgrant
[Tue 12:40:46] <JoeAndrieu>	... in issue #11... there is discussion about how we are doing it,
[Tue 12:40:56] <kimhd>	I updated the issue with (my understanding of) decisions we need to make: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/15#issuecomment-328907981
[Tue 12:41:03] <JoeAndrieu>	... but we should probably restructure that. Thoughts, Manu?
[Tue 12:41:24] *	nage is concerned about the expansion of the DDO specifciation to encompass public assertions beyond key posession as it will pull in all the claim/proof ontology isuses we see in claims (I see value in keeping those problems seperate, and granular permissions pull us into this fray whether we like it or not)
[Tue 12:41:41] <ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/10
[Tue 12:41:51] <ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/4
[Tue 12:41:57] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: This is one of the hardest discussions we're going to have.
[Tue 12:42:11] <JoeAndrieu>	... The current DID spec, as it stands, makes a distinction between ownership and control
[Tue 12:42:18] <manu>	Explain issue with current DID Spec: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/didm-veres-one/issues/1#issuecomment-328880658
[Tue 12:42:25] <JoeAndrieu>	... Dave Longley took some time this morning to unpack
[Tue 12:42:47] <JoeAndrieu>	... The problem with the current spec is that when you get to implementation, there is no difference
[Tue 12:43:07] <JoeAndrieu>	... anyone who has proof of control, has proof of ownership. that's just how it's defined.
[Tue 12:43:15] <manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/didm-veres-one/issues/1
[Tue 12:43:18] <Drummond>	That doesn't make sense to me at all.
[Tue 12:43:29] <Drummond>	There's a huge difference between ownership and control.
[Tue 12:43:36] <JoeAndrieu>	... what we have tried to do, in this issue, is to highlight an alternative that makes it more clear what proofs are used to do what with the data in the DDO
[Tue 12:43:47] <JoeAndrieu>	... for example, we've separated the concept of authentication and authorization
[Tue 12:43:57] <JoeAndrieu>	... that's the primary change proposed to the DID spec
[Tue 12:44:07] <JoeAndrieu>	... rather than ownership/control, it's authN/Z
[Tue 12:44:08] <Drummond>	q+
[Tue 12:44:08] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has been added to the queue: rgrant, Drummond
[Tue 12:44:17] *	rgrant hears another speaker who is not on mute?
[Tue 12:44:19] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 12:44:19] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: rgrant, Drummond, ChristopherA
[Tue 12:44:21] <JoeAndrieu>	... that's what the discussion is about
[Tue 12:44:28] *	dlongley someone isn't on mute, please mute yourself
[Tue 12:44:28] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:44:28] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: rgrant, Drummond, ChristopherA
[Tue 12:44:37] *	dlongley when not speaking
[Tue 12:44:44] <ChristopherA>	ack rgrant
[Tue 12:44:44] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has the floor (short restatement of the confused deputy issue as currently written into the DID spec).
[Tue 12:44:53] <JoeAndrieu>	... we think that's the better way to organize these
[Tue 12:44:54] <Drummond>	I get the difference between authentication and authorization - but those concepts operate at a higher level than DIDs
[Tue 12:45:24] <JoeAndrieu>	rgrant: I had some questions, here's how I got them answered
[Tue 12:45:54] <JoeAndrieu>	... right to authorization (proof of control) should not need right to authentication (proof of ownership)
[Tue 12:46:24] <ChristopherA>	ack Drummond
[Tue 12:46:24] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has the floor.
[Tue 12:46:33] *	kimhd Joe yes
[Tue 12:46:48] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:46:48] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: MosesMa [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000028e], AdamSobieski [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000028f], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000292], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000293], rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000294], JoeAndrieu [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000297], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000299], cdchapman [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000029b], nage [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000029c], Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029d], Lionel [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029e], AdrianGropper
[Tue 12:46:48] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029f], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000002a2], ChristopherA [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002a4], Global Identity Foundation [SIP/78.147.230.115-000002a5], kimhd [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002a6], rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002a7].
[Tue 12:46:54] <manu>	voip: mute 2a4
[Tue 12:46:54] <voip-ccg>	Muting ChristopherA [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002a4].
[Tue 12:47:00] <JoeAndrieu>	Drummond: As soon as I heard that DID is talking about AuthN/Z, it seemed off
[Tue 12:47:14] <JoeAndrieu>	... DID is about resolving a public identifier with a public key
[Tue 12:47:15] *	manu ChristopherA - I had to mute you, lots of feedback from you, will unmute you when Drummond is done.
[Tue 12:47:30] <JoeAndrieu>	... and the criteria for changing the associated DDO
[Tue 12:47:42] <JoeAndrieu>	... I have a feeling I don't quite understand the issue.
[Tue 12:48:11] <rgrant>	rgrant summary 1/3:  "writeAuthorization" (called "proof of control" in the DID spec)   should not allow changing "authenticationCredential" (called "proof   of ownership" in the DID spec),
[Tue 12:48:21] <JoeAndrieu>	... Not sure I'm on the same page about that distinction. Afraid it may be confusing the purpose of DIDs.
[Tue 12:48:21] <manu>	voip: unmute 2a4
[Tue 12:48:21] <voip-ccg>	Unmuting ChristopherA [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002a4].
[Tue 12:48:24] <ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 12:48:24] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 12:48:26] <rgrant>	rgrant summary 2/3:   ...because that violates the goal explained on page 10 of the spec,   section 6.4, where entities assigned to help with key recovery can   change the DDO's "proof of ownership" to ALSO allow impersonating   the identity owner.
[Tue 12:48:38] <rgrant>	rgrant summary 3/3:   as Section 6.4 explains, "Note that Proof of Ownership is separate   from Proof of Control because an identity owner may wish to enable   other entities [...]  to update the DDO [...]  without enabling them   to prove ownership"
[Tue 12:49:05] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: If you look at our initial discussions, I coined the term control and ownership, with a warning that these might not be correct
[Tue 12:49:13] <JoeAndrieu>	... the terms ended up confusing everyone
[Tue 12:49:28] <JoeAndrieu>	... when I think about them, I think about them in a cryptographic sense, rather than a more common definition
[Tue 12:49:55] <JoeAndrieu>	... the ability to update a record in the btcr spec has a particular approach
[Tue 12:50:17] <JoeAndrieu>	... the party that does that revocation cannot revoke credentials associated with the old ownership keys
[Tue 12:50:21] <Drummond>	I agree that the semantics associated with the words "control" and "ownership" now need to be replaced with terms that are more neutral with regard to the precise cryptographic primitives being managed in a DDO.
[Tue 12:50:24] <JoeAndrieu>	... specific to the crypto
[Tue 12:51:02] <JoeAndrieu>	... So, the terms are confusing and they got picked up by non-bitcoin implementers in unintended ways
[Tue 12:51:33] <manu>	q+ to note that we've had this issue for a while, and finally got some clarity on it...
[Tue 12:51:33] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:51:37] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:51:37] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:51:42] <ChristopherA>	ack manu
[Tue 12:51:42] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to note that we've had this issue for a while, and finally got some clarity on it...).
[Tue 12:51:44] <JoeAndrieu>	... I like the way the conversation is turning: here are some proofs and here are what those privileges are. What those are is still up for discussion, but this feels like a better way to discuss it.
[Tue 12:51:51] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: I think that's a good way to say it.
[Tue 12:52:00] <JoeAndrieu>	... We've had this issue for a while now.
[Tue 12:52:03] <manu>	original DID implementation: https://demo.authorization.io/dids/did:8743453f-e45e-4ac6-b85f-4513ba4c1460
[Tue 12:52:32] <Drummond>	What I'm most passionate about is keeping the DID spec at the lowest, simplest level of associating an identifier with a public key and a service endpoint.
[Tue 12:52:42] <JoeAndrieu>	... Even way back in the day, we conflated in original DID spec (that link is ancient). There's an access control field and a public key field.
[Tue 12:52:58] <JoeAndrieu>	... access control: write permission to DDO, but we used the public key for way to many things
[Tue 12:53:20] <JoeAndrieu>	... we are trying to identify known bad things, e.g., public key was a poor choice.
[Tue 12:53:27] <Drummond>	q+
[Tue 12:53:27] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has been added to the queue: Drummond
[Tue 12:53:37] <dlongley>	the new general idea is `authorization` is a "capabilities list" ... where you indicate what authorities and "resources" (parts of the DDO) they can modify (and how) and what proofs can be used to authenticate those authorities (assurance level granularity)
[Tue 12:53:57] <JoeAndrieu>	... for example, we are saying you shouldn't have a list of public keys, you should have a list of authentication credentials.
[Tue 12:54:10] <JoeAndrieu>	... that list of things is a way of creating proofs, not just a list of public keys
[Tue 12:54:22] <Drummond>	I simply don't agree with the point that the only use of a public key is authentication.
[Tue 12:54:26] <JoeAndrieu>	... we are continuing to narrow what each of these fields is, and what it is doing.
[Tue 12:54:54] <JoeAndrieu>	... any time we have a field that lets us do two or more things, it means we haven't gotten the capability narrow enough, which leads to security vulnerabilities
[Tue 12:55:01] <Drummond>	The whole point of DIDs is to associate a public key with an persistent identifier. That's also the heart of DKMS. So conflating that with authentication is a major mistake.
[Tue 12:55:02] <dlongley>	Drummond: authentication and authorization need to be clearly separated -- semantically -- so you aren't left to guess what the capabilities are -- or you aren't left guessing who has designated the resources that you want to do something with in software.
[Tue 12:55:17] <JoeAndrieu>	... I don't expect this will be easy to grasp right away--it's taken us 3+ years to get this far.
[Tue 12:55:36] <Drummond>	Dave: I'm in favor of describing the capabilities of a particular public key.
[Tue 12:55:41] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: Drummond, to your comment, you can use public keys for lots of things, but you should be careful about that.
[Tue 12:55:58] <JoeAndrieu>	... for example, use a different key for signing versus authentication.
[Tue 12:55:59] <kimhd>	+1 to the capabilities approach. I agree with Manu that this is increasingly seen in implementations and standards -- primarily for the precision and composability it enables
[Tue 12:56:03] <dlongley>	Drummond: ok, that's what we're experimenting with modeling.
[Tue 12:56:10] <nage>	I like the idea that there is a flexible construct for non-key constructs for establishing control or ownership, still not conviniced that thing is a "proof"
[Tue 12:56:26] <JoeAndrieu>	... we should be explicit about the different functions and how they are used differently.
[Tue 12:56:50] <JoeAndrieu>	... if you choose to use the same proof for multiple privileges, that makes it easier for a security person to evaluate the risks of those choices.
[Tue 12:57:02] <ChristopherA>	ack drummond
[Tue 12:57:02] <voip-ccg>	drummond isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:57:04] <JoeAndrieu>	Drummond: I think that helps.
[Tue 12:57:38] <ChristopherA>	Drummond, it is particular relevant to the Sovrin use case, who will be doing a variety of proofs beyond public keys
[Tue 12:57:45] <manu>	q+ to note that the "purpose of the DDO ... key management" ... I think we're going beyond that now.
[Tue 12:57:45] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: Drummond, manu
[Tue 12:57:47] <manu>	ack Drummond 
[Tue 12:57:47] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has the floor.
[Tue 12:57:51] <JoeAndrieu>	... the purpose of the DID is to resolve a public identifier to a set of endpoints to solve a problem
[Tue 12:58:22] *	manu go JoeAndrieu, go go go! :)
[Tue 12:58:27] <JoeAndrieu>	... Key ownership definition is important, and its good to understand what the keys are used for
[Tue 12:58:39] *	manu JoeAndrieu fingers are on FIRE! :P
[Tue 12:58:40] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 12:58:40] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:58:50] <JoeAndrieu>	... large question is are DIDs about endpoint discovery or is it pulled in other directions
[Tue 12:58:59] <JoeAndrieu>	... Let's NOT overcomplicate this
[Tue 12:59:08] <dlongley>	dlongley: "you want to do" ... "you" are the actor, how do you authenticate that it's you? ... it's not the "key" that is acting -- so the "key" is an authentication credential.
[Tue 12:59:36] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: Agreed with general push. The challenge is that you are using public keys as a heuristic that has worked in the past
[Tue 12:59:46] <JoeAndrieu>	...and we may not be able to keep doing it that way
[Tue 13:00:02] <nage>	q+
[Tue 13:00:02] <voip-ccg>	nage has been added to the queue: manu, nage
[Tue 13:00:12] <JoeAndrieu>	... CL keys for issuer proofs, but all of that blinding technology can potentially be applied at the DID level
[Tue 13:00:32] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 13:00:32] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to note that the "purpose of the DDO ... key management" ... I think we're going beyond that now.).
[Tue 13:00:33] <JoeAndrieu>	... To future proof, we need to explicitly say what these things can and can't do.
[Tue 13:00:36] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 13:00:36] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: nage
[Tue 13:00:53] <kimhd>	Per discussion on this thread https://github.com/w3c-ccg/didm-veres-one/issues/1, I think we are leaning towards finding a minimum viable set of capabilities for DID spec. Fine grained capabilities are more suited to extension specs as an added bonus
[Tue 13:00:54] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: I think we're aligned. We want the spec simple and cover all use cases
[Tue 13:01:30] <manu>	ack nage 
[Tue 13:01:30] <voip-ccg>	nage has the floor.
[Tue 13:01:31] <Drummond>	I'm not sure I agree that the DID spec and DDOs need to say what a particular key "can and cannot do". That's trying to turn DDOs into a policy description language. I feel very strongly that we need to keep it limited to key descriptions.
[Tue 13:01:32] <JoeAndrieu>	... Drummond, you said DDOs are about exposing keys. We are moving beyond that, but in way that lets us do more than just keys.
[Tue 13:02:10] <JoeAndrieu>	nage: concerned about leaks about semantics as we move forward.
[Tue 13:02:12] *	manu agree with nage.
[Tue 13:02:22] <Drummond>	If we're going talk about the DID spec "doing something more than just keys", then I want to understand very, very explicitly about what "more" means, and why.
[Tue 13:02:40] <JoeAndrieu>	... want to make sure we don't create confusion with statements like "this key is valid, but only when you do X"
[Tue 13:02:47] <JoeAndrieu>	... that's when we step into the abyss
[Tue 13:02:57] <Drummond>	I would dramatically prefer to keep anything that gets into claims or policy description in another spec.
[Tue 13:03:26] <nage>	an example of "more than keys" would be an identity for a distributed ledger where the leger can use its consensus signed state to present claims and proofs collectively (BLS signatures)
[Tue 13:03:42] <Drummond>	+1 to keeping the DID spec to *minimal possible info* required for bootstrapping into other descriptions/interactions.
[Tue 13:03:42] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: done for the day. Next week more DIDs!
[Tue 13:04:33] <JoeAndrieu>	... the 26th is the last week before RWoT
[Tue 13:04:35] <rgrant>	dlongley: are you available for short call after this meeting?
[Tue 13:04:35] <Drummond>	+1 to getting all requirements/issues for the DID spec (and any DID method specs) on the table this month before RWOT.
[Tue 13:04:45] <JoeAndrieu>	... if you have something for the agenda, please let Kim & I know
[Tue 13:05:04] *	manu Drummond we've tried to do that here - https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/21
[Tue 13:05:05] *	dlongley rgrant, yeah, we can stay on the call here if you'd like for a short bit.
[Tue 13:05:09] <JoeAndrieu>	wolberger: inventory & selective disclosure for the 26th
[Tue 13:05:09] <JoeAndrieu>	Present+ simmonds, sporny, lake, lehn, longley, kimhd, moses, sobieski, grant, andrieu, chapman, nage, drummond, lionel, gropper
