[Tue 11:05:50] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Jan/0032.html
[Tue 11:05:54] <manu>	scribe: stone
[Tue 11:06:01] *	heatherv (~heatherv@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:06:45] <manu>	voip: 5e6 is BillDeLorenzo
[Tue 11:06:45] <voip-vctf>	Associated BillDeLorenzo with SIP/69.71.222.196-000005e6.
[Tue 11:06:51] <manu>	Topic: Update on Past and Upcoming Interviews
[Tue 11:07:22] <stone>	VCTF was officially approved in mid-Dec - this is the first official meeting.
[Tue 11:07:54] <stone>	manu: our goal is to establish the need for charter - by interviewing folks like Brad Hill et. al.
[Tue 11:07:59] <voip-vctf>	15409614469 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000005e8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:08:46] <voip-vctf>	Shane PC [SIP/50.171.235.149-000005e9] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:08:56] <stone>	manu: We are focusing on individuals who have expertise in security, identity, payments, etc.
[Tue 11:09:08] <manu>	First interview with Brad Hill: http://w3c.github.io/vctf/meetings/2016-01-08/
[Tue 11:09:14] <ShaneM>	voip-vctf: 5e9 is ShaneM
[Tue 11:09:15] <voip-vctf>	Associated ShaneM with SIP/50.171.235.149-000005e9.
[Tue 11:09:18] <ShaneM>	present+ ShaneM
[Tue 11:10:28] <voip-vctf>	nicolag [SIP/69.71.222.196-000005e0] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:10:41] *	manu dlongley is speaking, stone.
[Tue 11:10:46] <stone>	manu: his concers: fraud, trust, slow evolution of agent centric protocols.
[Tue 11:10:56] <voip-vctf>	16509449026 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000005ea] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:56] *	jimg (~4b839cc9@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:11:15] <manu>	voip: 5ea is JimGoodell
[Tue 11:11:15] <voip-vctf>	Associated JimGoodell with SIP/69.71.222.196-000005ea.
[Tue 11:11:37] <stone>	dlongley: suggested that there is "room in the W3C" for us to do this work - ie. fairly supportive
[Tue 11:11:47] <heatherv>	Question: What is the criteria for selecting thse experts?
[Tue 11:11:55] <nicolag>	voip: 5ea nicolag
[Tue 11:11:55] <voip-vctf>	Unknown command: 5ea nicolag
[Tue 11:12:07] <nicolag>	voip: 5ea is nicolag
[Tue 11:12:07] <voip-vctf>	Associated nicolag with SIP/69.71.222.196-000005ea.
[Tue 11:12:52] <stone>	manu: criteria: generally organic from W3C where someone asks something like "have you spoken to Brad Hill abou that?"
[Tue 11:13:04] <heatherv>	Thanks. Have you considered doing a baseline level of external research? To find other experts that may not already be connected to w3c?
[Tue 11:13:09] <dlongley>	criteria for selection is their history and experience in the identity and security space
[Tue 11:13:20] <dlongley>	and W3C management suggestions.
[Tue 11:14:50] <stone>	Heather: is there desire to expand the circle of experts?
[Tue 11:16:13] <stone>	Manu: yes -that's where we are right now.  this is the second round of discussion w/ people that we need to talk to beyond the 45 companies and interested parties we started with last year
[Tue 11:16:19] <heatherv>	OK. I understand. That makes sense.
[Tue 11:16:46] <stone>	manu: we're scoping this round to a narrow set of experts that we can connect w/ in a tight timeframe
[Tue 11:17:00] <voip-vctf>	19088126557 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000005eb] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:17:04] <stone>	manu: objective for completion is mid-Feb
[Tue 11:17:07] <aylcw3c>	A friend of Erik Anderson's and mine (Jonathan Mohan) shared this with us and I thought it might be worth looking into for the VCTF in case it was worth pursuing:  https://www.sbir.gov/sbirsearch/detail/867797  (Contact Person is: Anil John)
[Tue 11:17:35] <heatherv>	Is the list of criteria posted some where?
[Tue 11:17:45] <stone>	Manu: invite team to nominate others experts if you know one.  The bar if vary high for us to engage based on the community that we already have access to
[Tue 11:17:46] <manu>	q+
[Tue 11:17:47] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:17:49] <Erik>	q+
[Tue 11:17:49] <voip-vctf>	Erik has been added to the queue: manu, Erik
[Tue 11:17:50] <manu>	q-
[Tue 11:17:50] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue: Erik
[Tue 11:18:10] <ShaneM>	Not that we don't want to hear from people!  If people have use cases they should contribute them.  Manu is talking about people we would conduct in depth interviews with.  Right Manu?
[Tue 11:18:30] <stone>	Erik: concerned that it's address primarily by the web community and finance is missing.
[Tue 11:18:38] <aylcw3c>	q+
[Tue 11:18:39] <voip-vctf>	aylcw3c has been added to the queue: Erik, aylcw3c
[Tue 11:19:39] <manu>	ack Erik
[Tue 11:19:40] <voip-vctf>	Erik has the floor.
[Tue 11:19:43] <manu>	ack aylcw3c 
[Tue 11:19:43] <voip-vctf>	aylcw3c has the floor.
[Tue 11:19:44] <stone>	manu: general criteria: identity, cryptography, payments experience for 10+ years. and we suspect that person will give us a "unique perspective"
[Tue 11:20:43] <stone>	aylcw3c: discussing link above
[Tue 11:21:43] *	eric_cell (~droid_s6@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:22:17] <stone>	aylcw3c: the 40+ banks are keen to understand/pursue identity issues
[Tue 11:22:37] <heatherv>	I might have some insight as to why financials are not getting involved (I worked for the innovation division of Swift for some time)
[Tue 11:22:50] <manu>	Ian Jacobs is W3C Project Lead for Web Payments
[Tue 11:22:50] <stone>	manu: our discussion is concerned with why the financial institutions aren't engaging in the w3c process.
[Tue 11:22:59] <heatherv>	And I follow/research the fintech space very closely as part of my research
[Tue 11:23:10] <manu>	We'd love the help, Heather!
[Tue 11:23:29] <heatherv>	banks have their own consortium - Swift that does a similar task, creating standards.
[Tue 11:23:50] <manu>	heatherv, SWIFT is part of the Web Payments CG - they're aware of this task force.
[Tue 11:23:51] <heatherv>	how do I signal I want to talk? (new to w3c process)
[Tue 11:23:58] *	manu do "q+"
[Tue 11:24:04] *	manu heatherv - just do q+
[Tue 11:24:11] <stone>	aylcw3c: suggests that banks feel that work toward standards are based on directives from regulators, rather than driving the outcome
[Tue 11:24:12] <heatherv>	q+
[Tue 11:24:12] <voip-vctf>	heatherv has been added to the queue: heatherv
[Tue 11:24:43] <stone>	aylcw3c: also there isn't a clear "owner" internally at the bank to do standards work.
[Tue 11:25:02] <Erik>	q+
[Tue 11:25:02] <voip-vctf>	Erik has been added to the queue: heatherv, Erik
[Tue 11:25:22] <stone>	aylcw3c: each internal discipline/department has an opinion
[Tue 11:25:44] <manu>	ack heatherv 
[Tue 11:25:44] <voip-vctf>	heatherv has the floor.
[Tue 11:25:57] *	manu heatherv - that was Arie talking
[Tue 11:26:25] *	manu yay Peter and DAG! :)
[Tue 11:27:19] <manu>	q+ to note Web Payments WG for engagement of finance folks.
[Tue 11:27:19] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: Erik, manu
[Tue 11:27:32] <stone>	heatherv: recommend an outreach program to particpants where they're already engaged with "SWIFT?"
[Tue 11:28:12] <manu>	ack Erik
[Tue 11:28:12] <voip-vctf>	Erik has the floor.
[Tue 11:29:28] <stone>	erik: there are so many working groups and standards in flight right now, may are asking how they can could contribute and what happens it the standards fail
[Tue 11:29:53] *	ShaneM has quit (Client closed connection)
[Tue 11:30:07] <stone>	erik: finance is looking for the "right technology" to track assets and now on is providing it right now
[Tue 11:30:21] <manu>	Participants in the Web Payments IG: https://www.w3.org/2000/09/dbwg/details?group=73816&public=1
[Tue 11:31:36] <stone>	manu: there is a web payments working group. some financial institutions are engaged, but not enough. Verifiable claims work "is not going to wait for them to join"  we have enough education and health care groups involved.
[Tue 11:32:13] <heatherv>	This all makes sense. It is a big beast to try to manage. Thanks.
[Tue 11:32:14] <stone>	manu: we may end up with a standard that is targeted to Ed and Health Care, and hopefully banks will be able to use it as well
[Tue 11:34:02] <stone>	manu: we're supposed to be proposing a charter that's workable - it's getting narrower, informed by the experts that we're interviewing
[Tue 11:34:47] <stone>	manu: consensus - develop a dataformat that expresses a claim.  worry about protocols for transference later
[Tue 11:35:16] <Erik>	Who on the call mentioned "Digital Asset Grid"?
[Tue 11:36:13] <heatherv>	That was me.
[Tue 11:36:25] <manu>	Topic: Plan (or lack thereof) for Face-to-Face in February
[Tue 11:37:19] <stone>	manu: in dec were planning to go to web payments meeting in SFO in late Feb.  we missed our window of opportunity to plan it.
[Tue 11:37:56] <heatherv>	If you want more details about DAG. I produced/wrote/shot a scenario video and documentary about it: Scenario: https://youtu.be/Wzsqtdx40qg   Documentary: https://youtu.be/98RYtKQaWcA
[Tue 11:38:49] <stone>	erik will send use cases for other attributes like mortgages and insurance policies.
[Tue 11:39:10] <stone>	next opportunity: Internet Identity workshop in April
[Tue 11:39:17] <heatherv>	YES! You should meet at IIW! I am shooting interviews for my next doc film there! April 26-28
[Tue 11:39:27] <stone>	want charter to discuss in March for w3c - need to pick up the pace.
[Tue 11:39:37] <heatherv>	(I am producing a new film on Internet Identity)
[Tue 11:39:57] *	ShaneM (~ShaneM@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:40:50] <manu>	Topic: Stalled Work
[Tue 11:41:24] <voip-vctf>	Shane PC [SIP/50.171.235.149-000005ec] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:41:26] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/vctf/#deliverables
[Tue 11:41:40] <voip-vctf>	Associated ShaneM with SIP/50.171.235.149-000005ec.
[Tue 11:42:27] *	Erik Heather did you get my email address in a private message?
[Tue 11:42:38] <stone>	reviewing Deliverables. - have benefits - don't have "use cases" (this is a fundamental deliverable)
[Tue 11:42:51] <stone>	q+
[Tue 11:42:51] <voip-vctf>	stone has been added to the queue: manu, stone
[Tue 11:43:08] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:43:08] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note Web Payments WG for engagement of finance folks.).
[Tue 11:43:11] <manu>	ack stone 
[Tue 11:43:11] <voip-vctf>	stone has the floor.
[Tue 11:43:12] <stone>	do we expect use cases to be influenced by the interviews?
[Tue 11:44:38] <stone>	manu: some, but let's move the content we had previously devleped to the w3c format
[Tue 11:45:00] *	Erik Manu I asked a while ago for access to edit your use cases
[Tue 11:45:09] <ShaneM>	I am happy to help get stuff into W3C format if we are resource limited
[Tue 11:46:12] <voip-vctf>	16509449026 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000005ed] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:46:13] <burn>	I can do that too.  I didn't realize we were waiting on that now.
[Tue 11:46:29] <stone>	manu: need to work on the charter - would be proposal.  w3c staff suggests focus on the dataformat - might take a year to 1.5yr
[Tue 11:46:38] <nicolag>	voip: 5ed is nicolag
[Tue 11:46:38] <voip-vctf>	Associated nicolag with SIP/69.71.222.196-000005ed.
[Tue 11:49:15] <eric>	Is it possible to establish a target timeline?
[Tue 11:49:26] <ShaneM>	Where is the source of the current use cases?
[Tue 11:49:56] <ShaneM>	eric_cell, let's target getting the existing use cases stuff into a respec document in the github repo in the next week.  It is pretty quick once we get rolling
[Tue 11:50:23] <ShaneM>	... then we can do a group review, integrate new use cases, etc and get it out there before the WPIG face to face at the end of Feb
[Tue 11:50:43] <eric_cell>	ShaneM: all steps
[Tue 11:50:56] <voip-vctf>	15409614469 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000005ee] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:51:45] <ShaneM>	eric_cell: okay - understood.  I will start working on a timeline document so everyone can see it.
[Tue 11:51:45] <ShaneM>	Present: weaver, collier, goodell, tibbetts, trainer, simmons, sletten, delorenzo, nesterkin
