[Tue 11:06:41] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Jan/0002.html
[Tue 11:06:45] <manu>	scribe: nage
[Tue 11:06:45] <manu>	Chair: varn, stone
[Tue 11:07:18] *	MattLarson (~MattLarson@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:07:29] <nage>	Varn: any comments on the agenda to start?  The comment from Tim about the time available in an hour was part of a discussion from the last call.
[Tue 11:07:37] <manu>	q+ to note one thing
[Tue 11:07:37] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:07:44] <nage>	... there will be a queue of items that we can chose to take on if there is time at the end of a call
[Tue 11:08:08] <nage>	manu: we should talk about the handoff of specs from this group to the working group.  This process will take a week or two, we should talk about it.
[Tue 11:08:14] <manu>	Topic: Vote for Verifiable Claims WG
[Tue 11:08:21] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/2002/09/wbs/33280/VCWG/results
[Tue 11:08:34] <nage>	manu: the folks that are w3c members can track the vote's status
[Tue 11:08:37] <Varn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:08:37] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note one thing).
[Tue 11:08:59] <nage>	... things are going well, we have reached out to 214 organizations, and have had a very healthy response
[Tue 11:09:06] <nage>	... the vote closes at the end of this week (Sunday)
[Tue 11:09:22] <nage>	... its very important that if you do support the work to go and make a note of that
[Tue 11:09:23] *	cwebber (~user@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:10:15] <nage>	Q: What is the process for handling objections?
[Tue 11:10:35] <manu>	Response to Formal Objection: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Member/w3c-ac-forum/2017JanMar/0003.html
[Tue 11:10:38] <nage>	manu: we must respond to the formal objection raised
[Tue 11:10:46] <ShaneM>	present+ ShaneM
[Tue 11:11:01] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:11:01] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dezell
[Tue 11:11:17] <nage>	manu: when the vote closes the W3C staff looks at the formal objections and the responses posted, and then move appropriately
[Tue 11:11:33] <Varn>	ack dezell
[Tue 11:11:33] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:11:35] <nage>	manu: I expect that there will be a number of additional formal objections that may come in at the end
[Tue 11:11:53] *	dlongley that's David Ezell
[Tue 11:12:58] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:12:58] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:13:09] <nage>	Varn: any other questions about the process?
[Tue 11:13:09] <Varn>	ack christopherA
[Tue 11:13:10] <voip-vctf>	christopherA isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:13:25] <Varn>	ackChristopherA
[Tue 11:13:42] <nage>	ChristopherA: it seems appropriate that an AC could comment on another ACs list
[Tue 11:14:08] <nage>	... In response to dezell's question about responding directly to objections
[Tue 11:14:26] <manu>	q+ to note the response.
[Tue 11:14:26] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, manu
[Tue 11:14:28] <nage>	... some discussion about helping create constructive discussion
[Tue 11:14:31] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 11:14:31] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:14:32] <voip-vctf>	14103367698 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000349] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:14:38] <Varn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:14:38] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note the response.).
[Tue 11:15:04] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:15:04] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:15:26] <nage>	manu: there are many votes in favor, so there is material to address this objection (there is an answer, and it has been thought through)
[Tue 11:16:00] *	dezell I'm wary of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory :-)
[Tue 11:16:08] <Varn>	Topic: Use Cases Document Update
[Tue 11:16:11] *	manu dezell exactly
[Tue 11:16:24] *	manu no need for us to pile on when it's not necessary
[Tue 11:16:28] <nage>	Varn: there is a lot of content from the past and we're trying to aggregate that
[Tue 11:16:37] <nage>	... there is also a primary use case that we have links to
[Tue 11:17:00] <stonematt>	https://opencreds.github.io/vc-use-cases/
[Tue 11:17:00] <manu>	Use Cases document: https://opencreds.github.io/vc-use-cases/
[Tue 11:17:14] <manu>	Use Case issues here: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-use-cases/issues
[Tue 11:17:20] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/Callcentric.com-0000033a] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:17:39] <nage>	varn: our agenda item for today is to go through this to make sure we have broad consensus on this and agree about what is there?
[Tue 11:18:16] <nage>	manu: my understanding is that Joe Andrieu had submitted a list of issues with the current use-cases document, and others have asked if we have dropped important use cases
[Tue 11:18:20] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:18:20] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:18:21] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 11:18:21] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: stonematt, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:18:36] <manu>	ack JoeAndrieu 
[Tue 11:18:36] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 11:18:39] <Varn>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:18:39] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:18:41] *	manu we skipped Matt Stone.
[Tue 11:18:56] <manu>	q+ to note the scope of the use cases.
[Tue 11:18:56] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: stonematt, manu
[Tue 11:19:04] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:19:04] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt, manu
[Tue 11:19:29] <nage>	JoeAndrieu: given that the use cases have become an important part of WG creation, is this document formatted properly and is it specified correctly in terms of content?
[Tue 11:19:40] <Varn>	ack stonematt
[Tue 11:19:40] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:19:58] <voip-vctf>	15412315822 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000034a] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:20:04] <nage>	stone: we were having this discussion in the last meeting before the holidays, and jumping into a few of the technical details without necessarily having agreed on the context of the use cases we are supporting
[Tue 11:20:31] <nage>	... this discussion is really to say, if we get to the point in specification development where we need to settle an issue, it should be driven by the documented use cases
[Tue 11:20:49] <nage>	... we should come to consensus quickly on the use cases we are trying to meet
[Tue 11:20:52] <Varn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:20:52] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note the scope of the use cases.).
[Tue 11:21:01] <nage>	manu: thanks for the background Matt, agreed
[Tue 11:21:04] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:21:04] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:21:33] <nage>	manu: I think we could talk about the scope and prioritization of the use cases that should be enabled by the time we are done (having a list of 100 isn't helpful)
[Tue 11:21:53] <nage>	... the current use cases is pretty good in that respect, it might be nice to talk about specific short-commings
[Tue 11:21:57] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 11:21:57] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:23:02] <nage>	... the other weakness that has been pointed out, is that there are other documents at W3C that point out real use cases, instead of hypothetical use cases.  It would be good to use real examples of incompatibility in real-world scenarios.
[Tue 11:23:31] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:23:31] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:23:47] <nage>	... As far as scope is concerned, we can get really wrapped up in that, so we don't want to be putting too much effort into it (doing it in parrallel might be helpful)
[Tue 11:24:17] <Varn>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:24:17] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 11:24:21] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:24:21] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:24:38] <nage>	JoeAndrieu: that helps manu, I'm hearing that there is some license to propose what we should be doing
[Tue 11:24:45] <nage>	... without slowing down the technical track work
[Tue 11:24:57] *	dlongley nage, make sure you are either putting the person's name before what you're scribing or you type "..." to continue scribing something for the same person (this will help make cleaning up the minutes easier)
[Tue 11:25:08] <nage>	... a new example section in that document would be helpful
[Tue 11:25:20] *	dlongley great, thanks :)
[Tue 11:25:26] <nage>	... we could also have examples of items in-use
[Tue 11:25:52] <nage>	... both of these could help illustrate real-world use
[Tue 11:26:46] <nage>	JoeAndrieu: I would like to put before the group one or more engagement models, meaning a life-cycle perspective of an individual engaging with the system (Syrian Refugee example illustrating a self-sovereign identity system)
[Tue 11:27:30] <nage>	... it lets the document illustrate a series of use-cases and shows how a user starts interacting with the system all the way through using those verifiable claims
[Tue 11:27:45] <Varn>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:27:45] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:27:47] <manu>	q+ to talk about engagement model and outline a more mundane but front-of-mind use case (digital offers).
[Tue 11:27:51] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:28:07] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:28:07] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:28:19] <nage>	ChristopherA: I have been very happy with the results of working on the expanded engagement model, and have found that they reveal some important things.
[Tue 11:28:54] <nage>	... JoeAndrieu looked at this regarding the traditional web of trust model and it was helpful.
[Tue 11:29:39] <nage>	... I recommend that other parties that are looking at specific models that are planning on deploying sooner look at these engagement models on thier offerings
[Tue 11:30:00] <Varn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:30:00] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to talk about engagement model and outline a more mundane but front-of-mind use case (digital offers).).
[Tue 11:30:03] <nage>	... Will it drive forward our current charter? Less so, but it will help the real world implementations.
[Tue 11:30:10] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:30:10] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:30:15] <voip-vctf>	15412315822 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000034c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:30:48] <ChristopherA>	Current models may missing some important early uses, like WoT
[Tue 11:30:59] <nage>	manu: I think that the current use-cases document, in its current form, is good.  Adding engagement models would also be a good thing, and is a helpful improvement.
[Tue 11:31:04] <JoeAndrieu>	For the record, I'm definitely willing to lead some additional work on the use cases
[Tue 11:31:17] <nage>	... I think we could get out of the way of Joe and help him get what he needs to make progress
[Tue 11:31:44] <nage>	manu: there are a number of people in our group that are working on products that need Verifiable Claims
[Tue 11:32:16] <nage>	... those people are very interested in doing digital offers and digital coupons.  How do we get those use-cases into our document.
[Tue 11:33:24] <ChristopherA>	WoT for software code, security reviews, academic peer review
[Tue 11:33:30] <nage>	... Personally, I'd like to see more of these use cases (coupons, digital offers) be listed, and in addition list the refugee use cases, but be sure that the digital offers, digital coupons, digital loyalty, and perhaps digital drivers license and digital passports and local ID cards could be listed
[Tue 11:33:33] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 11:33:33] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:33:34] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:33:34] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:33:41] <Varn>	The known use cases that are likely to be deployed should be represented in the use cases
[Tue 11:33:43] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:33:43] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:33:48] <Varn>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:33:49] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:33:51] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch [SIP/10.0.1.143-0000034f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:34:00] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:34:01] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:34:26] <Varn>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:34:26] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 11:34:35] *	nage missed last comment
[Tue 11:34:53] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch [SIP/10.0.1.143-0000034f] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:35:18] <nage>	JoeAndrieu: some of these items are not well-formed use-cases, we need to do some work to make sure we have figured those out
[Tue 11:35:35] <nage>	... for example the refugee crisis is a category of functionality, not a specific use case
[Tue 11:35:50] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:35:50] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:35:56] <nage>	... we should sit down with the folks working in each area (education) and make sure we have worked through those details
[Tue 11:36:01] <amigus>	q?
[Tue 11:36:01] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:36:12] <nage>	varn: lets move to a summary on these points
[Tue 11:36:20] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000351] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:36:38] <nage>	JoeAndrieu: talking manu's lead on this, I will propose some work and engage with this on github
[Tue 11:36:48] <manu>	q+ Joe is in charge, put extra use cases in Issues - that will be our "extended use cases" document.
[Tue 11:36:48] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:36:51] <ChristopherA>	I'd like to see who is actively scoping implementation so we can focus on those use cases first.
[Tue 11:37:08] <amigus>	q+
[Tue 11:37:08] <voip-vctf>	amigus has been added to the queue: manu, amigus
[Tue 11:37:14] <Varn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:37:14] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (Joe is in charge, put extra use cases in Issues - that will be our "extended use cases" document.).
[Tue 11:37:15] <nage>	varn: any other comments on fleshing out and organizing use-cases?
[Tue 11:37:19] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:37:19] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: amigus
[Tue 11:37:21] <voip-vctf>	16507998868 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000352] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:37:30] <nage>	manu: thanks JoeAndrieu for your effort here
[Tue 11:38:02] <nage>	manu: there has been some criticism that some use cases have been lost.  Lets use issues to enable Joe to sort through these use cases and decide whether interaction models are needed.
[Tue 11:38:22] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:38:22] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: amigus, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:38:31] <nage>	... this should allow people to interact with the process without flooding the mailing list, and help the unadressed issues stay as open issues
[Tue 11:38:58] <nage>	... since they are in the use-cases repository we can tag the ones that have been discussed and whether they made it into the document.
[Tue 11:38:59] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 11:38:59] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: amigus, ChristopherA, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:39:10] <Varn>	ack amigus
[Tue 11:39:10] <voip-vctf>	amigus has the floor.
[Tue 11:39:10] <ChristopherA>	use cases issues tracker URL?
[Tue 11:39:16] <nage>	... please continue to enter these issues into the tracker.
[Tue 11:39:43] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:39:43] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:39:44] <nage>	migus: Having a domain expert look at the use cases in the domain is important.
[Tue 11:40:28] <nage>	... It should be a requirement that all the use cases have a domain expert vet them, and if there isn't an expert available it might not be a good use case to keep.
[Tue 11:40:48] <Varn>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:40:48] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:41:00] <nage>	Varn: That would require us to pair Joe with those experts to make progress which might be an issue.
[Tue 11:41:07] <Varn>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:41:07] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 11:41:14] <nage>	migus: If someone needs help with finance use cases I volunteer.
[Tue 11:41:15] <manu>	I want Adam Migus to help w/ Finance Industry use cases!
[Tue 11:41:16] <jonnycrunch>	I'd be happy to contribute to the healthcare use-cases.
[Tue 11:41:23] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:41:23] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:41:29] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:41:29] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:42:02] <nage>	ChristopherA: these use cases were built out of the requirement to have use cases to get a working group process moving forward, now that we are becomming a working group the purpose of these use cases might be different
[Tue 11:42:06] <Varn>	matt--i have to drive somewhere--can you take over the irc chairing?
[Tue 11:42:46] <nage>	... we should make sure the use cases that are being coverered by active prototypes or implementations in-use are broken out more, and driven to a higher-level with the participation of those working on them
[Tue 11:43:00] <nage>	... and perhaps skip the use cases that aren't being actively developed
[Tue 11:43:04] *	stonematt Varn yes
[Tue 11:43:18] <Varn>	thanks  Christoper next in q
[Tue 11:43:22] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:43:22] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt
[Tue 11:43:47] <nage>	ChristopherA: For example, there are lots of things to be addressed around anti-correlated claims and many very small VCs, and we need more information about these in the short-term
[Tue 11:44:07] <Varn>	ack stonematt
[Tue 11:44:07] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:44:12] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 11:44:12] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:44:46] <nage>	stone: ChristopherA, this may be a little redundant in working groups, and how to figure this out, but we're making a data model and not software, which may feel differently than what we've done in the past
[Tue 11:44:56] <dlongley>	note: we do have a deliverable of recommending signature strategies which may include some of what christopher is talking about
[Tue 11:45:10] <nage>	... as we describe the parts of this data model, I'd like to have a more explicit relationship between the technical spec and the use case.
[Tue 11:45:15] <gkellogg>	q+
[Tue 11:45:16] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu, gkellogg
[Tue 11:45:26] <manu>	q+ to note deliverable of WG vs. systems we're building.
[Tue 11:45:26] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu, gkellogg, manu
[Tue 11:45:36] <nage>	... we don't want implementations to be restricted by the scope of the data model that we are delivering, because it is simply the foundation of what we are doing as implementers.
[Tue 11:46:12] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 11:46:12] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu, gkellogg, manu
[Tue 11:46:24] <jonnycrunch>	q+
[Tue 11:46:24] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu, gkellogg, manu, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:46:28] <nage>	... because of this we get into discussions that are out of bounds for the discussions of what the working group is describing but they are important to understanding how they relate to our implementations and helping other implementers relate to the spec.
[Tue 11:46:28] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:46:28] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu, gkellogg, manu, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:46:32] <stonematt>	ack jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:46:32] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has the floor.
[Tue 11:46:33] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:46:33] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu, gkellogg, manu
[Tue 11:46:36] <stonematt>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:46:37] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 11:46:51] <nage>	JoeAndrieu: one of the great thing about use cases is that they are so valuable that even poorly formed use cases are useful.
[Tue 11:47:00] <nage>	... I would like to find the original so that I could review it.
[Tue 11:47:12] <dlongley>	q+ jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:47:14] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: gkellogg, manu, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:47:15] <nage>	... part of our work is to distill this list to just a handful so that we can have a concise conversation.
[Tue 11:47:32] <nage>	... we hope to catch a bunch of this stuff as part of this work and these conversations.
[Tue 11:47:34] *	dlongley i added you back in jonny ... i think you got removed by accident?
[Tue 11:47:53] <stonematt>	ack gkellogg
[Tue 11:47:53] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Tue 11:48:11] <nage>	gkellogg: I think that use cases are often used to derive requirements, which is also a driving principle for having multiple use cases that support a requirement.
[Tue 11:48:15] <voip-vctf>	15152298984 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000353] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:48:36] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:48:36] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:48:38] <nage>	gkellogg: this is the practice we took on CSV on the web.
[Tue 11:48:45] <stonematt>	ack manu
[Tue 11:48:45] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note deliverable of WG vs. systems we're building.).
[Tue 11:49:07] <nage>	manu: I'm concerned about taking too much time for use-cases in the working group.
[Tue 11:49:43] <nage>	... in past experience, these use-cases aren't looked at much in the working groups.  10-15% of time discussing use-cases is more normal.
[Tue 11:49:58] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:49:58] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:50:15] <nage>	... reducing the number of use cases was important in setting the scope of this working group, though there are companies building much broader products.
[Tue 11:50:38] <nage>	... there are many going to meetings at RebootingWebOfTrust and IETF that are discussing digital wallets, and many other topics
[Tue 11:50:46] <amigus>	q+
[Tue 11:50:46] <voip-vctf>	amigus has been added to the queue: jonnycrunch, amigus
[Tue 11:51:05] <nage>	... while these are out of scope for the WG, they are fair to mention in the catalog of use-cases and in understanding the larger vision that many of us are chasing.
[Tue 11:51:38] <nage>	... we need to understand what is in scope, without losing sight of this larger vision.
[Tue 11:52:07] <stonematt>	ack jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:52:07] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has the floor.
[Tue 11:52:11] <nage>	... if and when we re-chartter to address those broader issues, it will be valuable to have captured those thoughts for that next-version of this WG.
[Tue 11:52:15] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:52:15] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: amigus
[Tue 11:52:17] <nage>	jonnycrunch: ditto
[Tue 11:52:41] <nage>	jonnycrunch: I am a board certified physician, and there are questions for him on how this can be implemented and handled
[Tue 11:52:57] <nage>	... so this is a future in-scope charter, but we must finish out the modelling first.
[Tue 11:53:05] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:53:05] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: amigus
[Tue 11:53:14] <stonematt>	ack amigus
[Tue 11:53:15] <voip-vctf>	amigus has the floor.
[Tue 11:53:48] <nage>	migus: to tack on a little bit about the role of the use cases, in my experience, they are very useful early on.  Then you move from use-cases to requirements then move on from there.
[Tue 11:54:17] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:54:17] <manu>	q+ to request that we get idents for other people on the call that joined a bit later.
[Tue 11:54:17] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:54:18] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:54:18] *	dezell checking my connection.
[Tue 11:54:22] <nage>	migus: I agree that it is valuable for an investment early on, but it is a yellow flag if we are talking about them and moving them around later on in the process.
[Tue 11:54:26] <stonematt>	ack manu
[Tue 11:54:26] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to request that we get idents for other people on the call that joined a bit later.).
[Tue 11:54:33] *	Guest (~textual@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:54:40] *	Guest is now known as NateOtto
[Tue 11:55:01] <manu>	voip: 34a is NateOtto
[Tue 11:55:01] <voip-vctf>	Associated NateOtto with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000034a.
[Tue 11:55:19] <nage>	... In the next week or so we will move into the issue tracker for use cases and get feedback and more real-world (less-abstract) examples
[Tue 11:55:43] <nage>	... we hope to move on into requirements for the data model after that occurs
[Tue 11:55:44] <manu>	+1 sounds like a good plan
[Tue 11:55:44] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:55:44] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:55:49] <jonnycrunch>	+1
[Tue 11:55:52] <JoeAndrieu>	sounds good
[Tue 11:56:00] *	dlongley we need idents for area codes: 908, 410, 650, 515
[Tue 11:56:05] <jonnycrunch>	650 jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:56:05] <erkorb_rm>	908 is korb
[Tue 11:56:07] <manu>	voip: 353 is RichardVarn
[Tue 11:56:07] <voip-vctf>	Associated RichardVarn with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000353.
[Tue 11:56:19] <manu>	voip: 345 is EricKorb
[Tue 11:56:19] <voip-vctf>	Associated EricKorb with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000345.
[Tue 11:56:36] <manu>	voip: 349 is LesChasen
[Tue 11:56:36] <voip-vctf>	Associated LesChasen with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000349.
[Tue 11:56:39] *	dlongley we have two unknown sip callers
[Tue 11:57:10] *	dlongley three actually, 344, 347, and 348
[Tue 11:57:11] <jonnycrunch>	I got kicked off the SIP phone and had to dial back in using my cell. could reconnect via SIP.
[Tue 11:57:13] <manu>	voip: 352 is JonnyCrunch
[Tue 11:57:13] <voip-vctf>	Associated JonnyCrunch with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000352.
[Tue 11:57:30] <voip-vctf>	Adam Lake [SIP/66.37.81.220-00000342] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:57:53] <nage>	ChristopherA: can we spend one minute on the priorities for next week?
[Tue 11:57:54] <manu>	voip: Priority for Agenda Items for Next Week
[Tue 11:57:54] <voip-vctf>	Unknown command: Priority for Agenda Items for Next Week
[Tue 11:58:10] <manu>	Topic: Agenda Items for Next Week
[Tue 11:58:23] *	dlongley vote will be closed this friday, right?
[Tue 11:58:26] <nage>	stone: the protocol will have us prioritizing issues in github, and the chairs haven't tried to pick the next two or three, but are there recommendations?
[Tue 11:58:28] *	dlongley will we be discussing the result of that/
[Tue 11:58:41] <voip-vctf>	Adam Lake [SIP/66.37.81.220-00000354] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:58:51] <nage>	ChristopherA: I'm stuck on the things that are outside of scope on signature formats and things of that nature
[Tue 11:59:26] <nage>	JoeAndrieu: I think we want to have an issue for real world examples, and a few minutes on how to continue that effort would be helpful.
[Tue 11:59:41] <nage>	ChristopherA: I would love to have the web-of-trust one articulated more fully
[Tue 12:00:00] *	dlongley note: recommended signature formats is also in scope
[Tue 12:00:01] <nage>	manu: we can absolutely talk about the data format of the web-of-trust needs
[Tue 12:00:21] <nage>	... for example how to make a VC claiming what my name is, but we can't dive into the technical details of the signature format.
[Tue 12:00:38] <nage>	... but we should talk about, in the VC, how is it verifiable?
[Tue 12:01:20] *	dezell has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:01:21] <nage>	ChristopherA: I have asked for a while, what is a self-signed claim? and some of these simple, basic, ideas that the TG started out with, and I would like to make sure those are still covered in terms of the data layout and RDF style questions.
[Tue 12:01:33] <nage>	manu: that is very much in-scope
[Tue 12:01:34] *	dlongley in scope: Recommendation that will define or identify - Signature Mechanism(s): that are capable of protecting the verifiable claims from attack such that the claims can be trusted by consumers of those claims.
[Tue 12:02:13] *	dlongley https://www.w3.org/2017/vc/charter
[Tue 12:02:19] *	ShaneM needs to sign off :(
[Tue 12:02:21] <gkellogg>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-use-cases/issues
[Tue 12:02:26] <nage>	manu: our agenda doesn't preclude anyone from saying, "I'd like to talk about this next week".  It is a good idea to open up an issue on this topic and add information so that all of us are primed for that discussion and prepared to provide input.
[Tue 12:02:48] *	agropper has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:02:50] <manu>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues
[Tue 12:03:27] <nage>	stone: thanks for the discussion we will see everyone next week!
[Tue 12:03:27] <nage>	present: kellogg, sporny, longley, tibbetts, lake, nage, varn, christophera, migus, gropper, dezell, chasen, holt, stone, reed, korb, shanem, otto, crocker
