[Tue 12:05:13] <ChristopherA>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Aug/0013.html
[Tue 12:05:34] <kimhd>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:05:34] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: 14155694979 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000307], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000308], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-0000030c], rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000030d], 14256520150 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000030b], kimhd [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000030e], 12066188530 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000030f], agropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000310], nage [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000312], 972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000311], Unknown [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000313], 14103367698
[Tue 12:05:35] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-00000314], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000316], 19293291510 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000318], squarfed [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000319], 17736142279 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000031a].
[Tue 12:05:40] <voip-ccg>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-0000031b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:06:00] *	manu thanks Lionel!
[Tue 12:06:03] *	amigus (~Adam@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:06:04] <drummond>	voip: 30f is drummond
[Tue 12:06:04] <voip-ccg>	Associated drummond with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000030f.
[Tue 12:06:10] *	cwebber2 773 is Chris Webber
[Tue 12:06:23] <manu>	voip: 031a is ChrisWebber
[Tue 12:06:23] <voip-ccg>	Associated ChrisWebber with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000031a.
[Tue 12:06:39] <manu>	voip: 0307 is Moses
[Tue 12:06:39] <voip-ccg>	Associated Moses with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000307.
[Tue 12:06:47] <kimhd>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:06:47] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: Moses [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000307], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000308], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-0000030c], rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000030d], 14256520150 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000030b], kimhd [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000030e], drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000030f], agropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000310], nage [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000312], 972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000311], Unknown [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000313], 14103367698
[Tue 12:06:47] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-00000314], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000316], 19293291510 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000318], squarfed [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000319], ChrisWebber [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000031a], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-0000031b].
[Tue 12:07:00] <voip-ccg>	16789329012 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000031c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:07:07] *	drummond Kimhd, the IRC cheat sheet is very helpful, thanks
[Tue 12:07:08] <kimhd>	voip: 30b is kimhd
[Tue 12:07:08] <voip-ccg>	Associated kimhd with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000030b.
[Tue 12:07:14] <burn>	voip: 31c is DanBurnett
[Tue 12:07:14] <voip-ccg>	Associated DanBurnett with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000031c.
[Tue 12:07:23] *	Lionel kim, I don't see my sip in that list?
[Tue 12:07:48] *	kimhd I messed up and associated 30b with me
[Tue 12:08:13] *	kimhd ugh that is me. one sec
[Tue 12:08:20] *	kimhd sure
[Tue 12:08:51] <kimhd>	IRC Cheat Sheet for those that need it: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/w3c-ccg.github.io/blob/master/irc_ref.md
[Tue 12:08:27] <Lionel>	scribe: Lionel
[Tue 12:08:27] <Lionel>	Topic: Introductions and Reintroductions
[Tue 12:08:42] *	manu Lionel remember to put their NAME: what they said
[Tue 12:08:48] <Abbas>	voip: 318 is Abbas
[Tue 12:08:48] <voip-ccg>	Associated Abbas with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000318.
[Tue 12:08:50] <rgrant>	q+
[Tue 12:08:50] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been added to the queue: rgrant
[Tue 12:08:56] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: Anybody new? Or re-introductions?
[Tue 12:09:00] <rgrant>	q-
[Tue 12:09:00] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 12:09:11] <Abbas>	q+
[Tue 12:09:11] *	manu example - Lionel: said something.
[Tue 12:09:11] <voip-ccg>	Abbas has been added to the queue: Abbas
[Tue 12:09:42] <Lionel>	Drummond: Chief trust officer at evernym, leading role at Sovrin foundation, working on the DID specification with many people on this call
[Tue 12:09:47] *	kimhd do we know who is 19293291510?
[Tue 12:09:52] <Abbas>	me
[Tue 12:09:57] *	kimhd thanks
[Tue 12:09:58] <Lionel>	... verifiable claims with DIDs and all the infrastructure that it will require.
[Tue 12:10:08] <kimhd>	voip: 318 is Lionel
[Tue 12:10:08] <voip-ccg>	Associated Lionel with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000318.
[Tue 12:10:19] *	kimhd crap
[Tue 12:10:29] <kimhd>	voip: 318 is Abbas
[Tue 12:10:29] <voip-ccg>	Associated Abbas with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000318.
[Tue 12:10:37] <drummond>	Abbas, welcome
[Tue 12:10:39] <Lionel>	Abbas: works at R3, joined the group looking at verifiable claims for the purpose of onboarding at banks.
[Tue 12:10:49] <Lionel>	... interested in partnerships with identity service providers
[Tue 12:11:03] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: That ends introductions, thanks.
[Tue 12:11:07] <Lionel>	Topic: Agenda Review
[Tue 12:11:13] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: due to approve the new name mission statement
[Tue 12:11:21] <Lionel>	... completed a first draft
[Tue 12:11:51] <rgrant>	https://goo.gl/sNs2vl
[Tue 12:11:56] <ChristopherA>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kxm6yGnGAVgNTLMYft_cz2zW3c1AE8uSCy4i5A6OhG8/edit
[Tue 12:13:13] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: For those participating in the Face2Face at rebooting Web of Trust, there is an early bird discount ending this Thursday.
[Tue 12:13:16] <ChristopherA>	https://www.eventbrite.com/e/rebootingweboftrust-design-workshop-v-fall-2017-in-boston-area-usa-tickets-34984665075
[Tue 12:13:37] <Lionel>	... receiving topic proposals in the topics dir of the repo
[Tue 12:13:52] <ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2017
[Tue 12:14:22] <manu>	q+ to ask about RWoT registration.
[Tue 12:14:22] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: Abbas, manu
[Tue 12:14:27] <Lionel>	... Manu submitted a primer on verifiable claims, Drummond working on one for DID
[Tue 12:14:30] <manu>	q- Abbas
[Tue 12:14:30] <voip-ccg>	Abbas has been removed from the queue: manu
[Tue 12:16:29] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 12:16:30] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to ask about RWoT registration.).
[Tue 12:16:42] <kimhd>	new CCG site: https://w3c-ccg.github.io/
[Tue 12:16:48] <ChristopherA>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/
[Tue 12:17:10] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: The URL https://w3c-ccg.github.io/ is our primary github.
[Tue 12:17:24] *	Moses chris, I'll submit our topic proposal tomorrow (I'm testing the cheat sheet, thanks kim!)
[Tue 12:17:33] <Lionel>	... If it seems to be missing stuff, contact kim, chris or manu
[Tue 12:17:49] <ChristopherA>	https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/
[Tue 12:18:09] <Lionel>	... This secondary page https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/ has better visibility in Google
[Tue 12:18:29] <Lionel>	... but due to its less flexible UX/UI, is more limited in the info that is there.
[Tue 12:19:18] <Lionel>	... Issue: add a "call to join the group" to the w3.org homepage.
[Tue 12:19:32] <ChristopherA>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/meetings/
[Tue 12:20:07] <kimhd>	we have a "Weekly Meeting Information" in the sidebar of the W3C site
[Tue 12:20:09] *	manu woops, I meant 2014!
[Tue 12:20:19] <Lionel>	... this group inherits various meetings groups and efforts going back bast 2013.
[Tue 12:20:40] <kimhd>	let me know if we need a better link name to make that more actionable. I can reorder these items as well
[Tue 12:20:43] *	Lionel cheat sheet: how do i correct errors in the scribing? regexp?
[Tue 12:20:49] <dlongley>	CCG was part of the Web Payments CG prior to 2014 (it split out from that group in 2014)
[Tue 12:20:56] <kimhd>	q+
[Tue 12:20:56] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has been added to the queue: kimhd
[Tue 12:21:07] *	burn lionel use s/old text/new text/
[Tue 12:21:08] <kimhd>	q-
[Tue 12:21:08] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 12:21:18] <kimhd>	q+
[Tue 12:21:18] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has been added to the queue: kimhd
[Tue 12:21:27] <manu>	Lionel: Definite improvement over the past 3 weeks or so
[Tue 12:21:59] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:21:59] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: kimhd
[Tue 12:22:06] <manu>	ack kimhd 
[Tue 12:22:06] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has the floor.
[Tue 12:22:09] <ChristopherA>	ack kimhd
[Tue 12:22:10] <voip-ccg>	kimhd isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:23:00] <Lionel>	KimHD: Committed to continuing to improve the sites, open to any and all suggestions.
[Tue 12:23:55] <Lionel>	Topic:Digital Verification Community Group
[Tue 12:24:46] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: Digital verification community group had crossover with Credentials Community Group.
[Tue 12:24:55] <Lionel>	... Chris and Kimh co-chaired both
[Tue 12:25:33] <manu>	q+ to note other "political" reason for separate group - crypto-specific group seen as "more authoritative"
[Tue 12:25:34] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:25:46] <Lionel>	... Digital Verification Group has value having its own repo and separate meetings devoted to certain issues such as selective disclosure and data minimization
[Tue 12:26:03] <Lionel>	... This DVG is "under" this CCG
[Tue 12:26:46] <nage>	+1 to a task force meeting to introduce Sovrin/Hyperledger Indy's CL-sig implementation (and try to get our crypto folks more involved)
[Tue 12:26:48] <Lionel>	... Chris open to thoughts on whether DVG is a group, or task force, etc.
[Tue 12:27:02] <Lionel>	Manu: +1 that DVG be subtaskforce to the CCG
[Tue 12:27:30] <Lionel>	... one motivation for having it separate was quasi-political, due to strong pushback from W3C regarding crypto
[Tue 12:28:06] <Lionel>	... strong opinion there, that a security/crypto group needs to be mostly 'insiders' from those security/crypto groups
[Tue 12:28:41] <Lionel>	... the web crypto group both invited DVG in (you should be here) and then did not prioritize its agenda (...we don't want to talk about that stuff here...)
[Tue 12:28:55] <Lionel>	... so DVG remains with its crypto focus
[Tue 12:29:22] <Lionel>	... CCG should probably AVOID pulling DVCG work items onto its agenda.
[Tue 12:29:56] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:29:56] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:29:57] <Lionel>	... that said, we have people now who understand crypto (chris, lionel, yan, sovrin people)
[Tue 12:30:01] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 12:30:01] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to note other "political" reason for separate group - crypto-specific group seen as "more authoritative").
[Tue 12:30:09] *	dlongley no audio from christopher
[Tue 12:30:20] *	burn still no audio
[Tue 12:30:26] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 12:30:26] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:30:49] *	Moses maybe someone should text chris?
[Tue 12:30:53] <voip-ccg>	15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000031f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:31:06] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: 31f is Christopher Allen
[Tue 12:31:06] <voip-ccg>	Associated Christopher Allen with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000031f.
[Tue 12:31:36] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: More motivation to go to task force language: gives us scope to mention these more technical things on the master page for the community
[Tue 12:32:01] <Lionel>	... Prioritization of these technical items should be done by the CCG first and go forward from there
[Tue 12:33:02] <rgrant>	q+
[Tue 12:33:02] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been added to the queue: rgrant
[Tue 12:33:26] <manu>	ACTION: KimHD to send out proposal for how CCG and DVCG work together.
[Tue 12:33:32] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 12:33:32] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: rgrant
[Tue 12:33:51] <manu>	ack rgrant
[Tue 12:33:51] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has the floor.
[Tue 12:35:09] <rgrant>	q-
[Tue 12:35:09] <voip-ccg>	undefined isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:35:11] <ChristopherA>	https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/
[Tue 12:35:37] *	manu grins at the 'undefined' bug, hadn't seen that one before... glad the voip bot didn't crash.
[Tue 12:35:37] *	federico_ (~squarfed@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:35:51] <manu>	Topic: Mission Statement
[Tue 12:35:58] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kxm6yGnGAVgNTLMYft_cz2zW3c1AE8uSCy4i5A6OhG8/edit#bookmark=id.3fsalpuqeupm
[Tue 12:36:08] <kimhd>	ACTION: KimHD to add subscribe button on our page, like "Join" on https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/. Make sure patent policy, etc is respected
[Tue 12:36:57] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: walking through the items on the Google doc.
[Tue 12:37:42] *	federico__ (~squarfed@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:39:44] <Lionel>	... Discussion focusing on "creation, storage, presentation, and verification"
[Tue 12:39:48] <Lionel>	... no objections.
[Tue 12:40:05] *	federico__ has quit (Client closed connection)
[Tue 12:40:27] *	squarfed has quit (Client closed connection)
[Tue 12:40:37] *	squarfed (~squarfed@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:41:12] *	federico_ has quit (Client closed connection)
[Tue 12:42:33] *	Lionel +1 manu
[Tue 12:44:25] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: Focus on the unique nature of credentials or identity-bearing instruments, and the proofs involved, should be called out
[Tue 12:46:30] *	manu +1 to ryans reordering
[Tue 12:46:39] <kimhd>	+1
[Tue 12:47:32] <voip-ccg>	13125222321 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000321] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:47:44] <rgrant>	voip: 321 is rgrant
[Tue 12:47:44] <voip-ccg>	Associated rgrant with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000321.
[Tue 12:48:00] <drummond>	I agree that having the term "verifiable claims" in the mission statement would be good
[Tue 12:48:12] *	Lionel +1 to sovereign first
[Tue 12:49:10] <drummond>	I agree that "verifiable claims" has become a term of art
[Tue 12:49:25] <Lionel>	... verifiable claims is a term of art that has caught on (though verifiable credentials does seem more cogent)
[Tue 12:49:35] *	Lionel ... who said the above?
[Tue 12:51:01] *	kimhd dlongley said above
[Tue 12:52:18] <Lionel>	manu: subtle point, a claim is not verifiable.
[Tue 12:52:41] <Lionel>	... a credential is verifiable
[Tue 12:56:48] <Moses>	Is there a distinction between verified vs authenticated?
[Tue 12:59:21] <drummond>	leave self-sovereign identity in
[Tue 13:01:35] <manu>	Moses, yes, there is a distinction... you must verify someone before they're authenticated (but even this definition is arguable)
[Tue 13:01:48] <manu>	(and highly technical)
[Tue 13:03:23] *	manu woo! ship it!
[Tue 13:03:33] *	kimhd LGTM++
[Tue 13:03:40] *	dlongley +1
[Tue 13:03:43] <Moses>	Manu, should claims be authenticated as well as verified?
[Tue 13:04:30] *	nage has to drop off for his next meeting.  Thanks everyone
[Tue 13:04:39] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: After word by word discussion, we converge on:
[Tue 13:04:42] <voip-ccg>	nage [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000312] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:05:20] <Lionel>	The mission of the Credentials Community Group is to explore the creation, storage, presentation, and verification of credentials. We focus on a verifiable credential (a set of claims) created by an issuer about a subject—a person, group, or thing—and seek solutions inclusive of approaches such as: self-sovereign identity; presentation of proofs by the bearer; data minimization; and centralized, federated, and decentralized registry and identity systems. Our tasks include drafting and incubating Internet specifications for further standardization and prototyping and testing reference implementations.
[Tue 13:05:43] <drummond>	This draft is good.
[Tue 13:05:46] <manu>	Moses, no - authentication is separate... it happens later
[Tue 13:06:00] <manu>	(or rather, it's complicated and we shouldn't muddy the waters by bringing "authentication" into all of this.
[Tue 13:06:39] *	manu time check - gotta run to another meeting very soon, late to it.
[Tue 13:06:41] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: Issue of long-lived credentials. The challenge is significant due to expiration or lost keys.
[Tue 13:07:05] <drummond>	I agree that long-lived credentials are important
[Tue 13:07:06] <Lionel>	... Other longue duree challenges: the school changed its name
[Tue 13:07:08] *	burn yes we are over time and should wrap up
[Tue 13:07:42] *	manu has to run.
[Tue 13:07:50] <voip-ccg>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000316] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:08:08] <Lionel>	... Some related solutions include discovering proofs that were valid at time X etc,
[Tue 13:08:34] *	Lionel Have trouble matching voices to names, sorry for missing some attribution today!
[Tue 13:08:40] *	burn has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 13:08:50] *	amigus has quit ("Going offline, see ya! (www.adiirc.com)")
[Tue 13:09:34] <Lionel>	... Refugees for example are forced to present claims that were true in the past but are difficult to verify
[Tue 13:10:11] <Lionel>	... This group has access to very effective methods to address these issues that other groups just do not have.
[Tue 13:12:35] *	Lionel thanks!
[Tue 13:13:27] <Moses>	Thanks, gotta bail!
[Tue 13:14:35] *	dlongley have to run too, thanks all!
[Tue 13:13:27] <manu>	Present: nage, sporny, dlongley, lake, squarfed, drummond, gropper, lehn, davidc, lionel, abbas, kimhd, moses, rgrant, burn, christophera
