[Tue 11:03:57] <burn>	Scribe: jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:04:04] *	amigus (~Adam@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:04:36] <voip-vctf>	14432803624 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000130] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:04:41] <amigus>	voip: 130 is amigus
[Tue 11:04:41] <voip-vctf>	Associated amigus with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000130.
[Tue 11:04:42] <burn>	Topic: Agenda Review and Introductions
[Tue 11:05:05] <burn>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Feb/0016.html
[Tue 11:05:19] *	ottonomy (~ottonomy@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:05:42] *	JoeAndrieu (~JoeAndrieu@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:05:53] *	colleen (~colleen@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:06:08] <voip-vctf>	15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000132] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:16] <voip-vctf>	16106179300 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000133] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:55] <manu>	voip: 133 is ColleenKennedy
[Tue 11:06:55] <voip-vctf>	Associated ColleenKennedy with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000133.
[Tue 11:07:00] <manu>	voip: 132 is jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:07:00] <voip-vctf>	Associated jonnycrunch with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000132.
[Tue 11:07:21] <jonnycrunch>	Burn:  Any changes to Agenda?
[Tue 11:07:38] *	MattLarson (~MattLarson@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:07:43] <jonnycrunch>	Burn:  Adding item, Pull Request discussion wrt. Revocation.
[Tue 11:07:55] <manu>	voip: 134 is MattLarson
[Tue 11:07:55] <voip-vctf>	Associated MattLarson with SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000134.
[Tue 11:08:03] *	manu assuming that's you MattLarson ?
[Tue 11:08:09] <burn>	Topic: Status of Verifiable Claims WG Creation
[Tue 11:08:25] *	manu MattLarson you'll want to set your Name field in your SIP client... so you don't show up as "unknown".
[Tue 11:08:52] <jonnycrunch>	Burn:  Status of WG.  Not much changed, some discussion about charter.  Phil proposed change, unsure if it is necessary.
[Tue 11:09:09] <burn>	Topic: Status of Face to Face in March
[Tue 11:09:20] <manu>	q+ to note current state of thinking on F2F.
[Tue 11:09:21] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:09:28] <voip-vctf>	15412315822 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000135] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:33] <ottonomy>	voip: 135 is ottonomy
[Tue 11:09:33] <voip-vctf>	Associated ottonomy with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000135.
[Tue 11:10:30] <jonnycrunch>	Burn:  The was a possibility of a F2F in March.   Turns out 2/3 chairs can not make it.  Burn sent a request to schedule the meeting and asked if anyone can attend.  No reply.  Time is close.  Chairs want to know the feeling of people to attend.
[Tue 11:10:34] *	dezell (~dezell@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:10:39] <burn>	potential date is March 21st
[Tue 11:10:55] <jonnycrunch>	Date for f2F is march 21st
[Tue 11:11:29] <jonnycrunch>	This is for Chicago assoc with web payments meeting
[Tue 11:11:34] <voip-vctf>	17278084918 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000136] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:11:40] <dezell>	voip: 0136 is me
[Tue 11:11:40] <voip-vctf>	Associated dezell with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000136.
[Tue 11:11:58] *	manu matt speaking
[Tue 11:12:03] <jonnycrunch>	Matt:  need time to plan.
[Tue 11:12:32] <manu>	q?
[Tue 11:12:32] <jonnycrunch>	Burn:  issue is that someone new to the group needs time to plan meeting
[Tue 11:12:32] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:12:56] <jonnycrunch>	Burn:  objections?
[Tue 11:13:14] <jonnycrunch>	Manu:  perhaps we should delay a F2F
[Tue 11:13:22] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/2017/02/06-wpay-minutes.html#item03
[Tue 11:13:44] <jonnycrunch>	Manu:  We brought up the VC WG up yesterday.  Still possible to hold a meeting.
[Tue 11:14:46] <jonnycrunch>	... as discussed with w3C in the past, we had the option for a formal meeting, but without chairs, difficult.
[Tue 11:15:10] <ottonomy>	Some more time between official word that we'll start and first face to face would improve chances of me being able to get my org to join W3C by the meeting.
[Tue 11:15:22] <jonnycrunch>	... the question becomes, when should we have a meeting?  usually 2 months after the w3c group.  Brings us to the June time frame.
[Tue 11:15:34] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:15:34] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: manu, stonematt
[Tue 11:15:40] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:15:40] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, stonematt
[Tue 11:15:41] <manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Member/w3c-ac-members/2015JulSep/0058.html
[Tue 11:15:42] <jonnycrunch>	... the may not be a good time.  we should do a doodle poll. and where, when.
[Tue 11:15:43] <stonematt>	ack manu
[Tue 11:15:43] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note current state of thinking on F2F.).
[Tue 11:15:47] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:15:47] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt
[Tue 11:16:19] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:16:19] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt
[Tue 11:16:21] <jonnycrunch>	Burn:  we haven't discussed next steps.  We don't have to wait until official, need feedback from w3c.
[Tue 11:16:42] <jonnycrunch>	... as soon as it looks close and no longer discussing the charter then let' do doodle poll.
[Tue 11:16:55] <stonematt>	ack stonematt
[Tue 11:16:55] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:17:23] <jonnycrunch>	matt:  to manu, comment.  look for an invite from matt a request for suggestions for F2F this year.
[Tue 11:17:25] *	manu burn look up, was one the queue, mattstone cleared me :P
[Tue 11:17:49] <jonnycrunch>	... and if there are opportunities to tag on to other events.
[Tue 11:18:06] *	stonematt stone dropping off.
[Tue 11:18:09] <jonnycrunch>	ACTION: Matt send email regarding face-to-face opportunities in next 2-3 days.
[Tue 11:18:09] <burn>	Topic: Action Item Review
[Tue 11:18:25] *	stonematt daughter has a doctor apptointmen today :-(
[Tue 11:18:50] <stonematt>	running action items: https://goo.gl/V4XTBT
[Tue 11:18:58] <ottonomy>	q+
[Tue 11:18:58] <voip-vctf>	ottonomy has been added to the queue: ottonomy
[Tue 11:19:06] <jonnycrunch>	Burn:  need response for use-cases.
[Tue 11:19:14] <burn>	ack ottonomy
[Tue 11:19:14] <voip-vctf>	ottonomy has the floor.
[Tue 11:19:20] <jonnycrunch>	... need update data-model not use-cases
[Tue 11:19:45] <manu>	q+ to note what was intended and what happened.
[Tue 11:19:45] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:19:47] <jonnycrunch>	ottonomy:  a lot of jargon in use-cases.  need to draw out more meaning
[Tue 11:19:49] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:19:49] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note what was intended and what happened.).
[Tue 11:20:58] <jonnycrunch>	manu:  a while ago people volunteered.  Nat, jonnycrunch.  then we got into healthcare privacy discussion.  Need explanation of privacy detail. but this wasn't the ask.
[Tue 11:21:23] <jonnycrunch>	... we should have assigned specific details on point.
[Tue 11:21:46] <jonnycrunch>	... we should ask specific direction for volunteers
[Tue 11:22:10] <jonnycrunch>	Nate: perhaps if we have more conversation on github as issue
[Tue 11:22:25] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 11:22:25] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:22:30] <jonnycrunch>	nate:  dig into specific ticket.
[Tue 11:22:53] <burn>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:22:53] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 11:22:56] <jonnycrunch>	manu:  next step - assign specific issue to volunteer, 1-2 paragraphs.
[Tue 11:23:39] <manu>	q+ 
[Tue 11:23:39] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:23:53] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:23:53] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor.
[Tue 11:23:59] <jonnycrunch>	andrieu:  question - my understanding was to take on the coorelation ,,,, here are some issues regarding the spec. rather than language for the spec.
[Tue 11:24:15] <jonnycrunch>	manu:  was was asked was language for the spec. not more issues.
[Tue 11:24:25] <ottonomy>	I can take #6 https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues/6
[Tue 11:24:55] <burn>	Action: Nate Otto will take Data Model issue #9 and #6.
[Tue 11:25:02] <jonnycrunch>	... spec language.  initial ask. we have blank spaces in spec.
[Tue 11:25:33] <jonnycrunch>	... the spec is fine but is raises more issues.
[Tue 11:26:16] <jonnycrunch>	... the ask . the text doesn't need to be perfect.  we need something there.
[Tue 11:26:22] <ottonomy>	I can also take #9 https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues/9
[Tue 11:26:40] *	manu ottonomy assign yourself to that issue, please (if you can?)
[Tue 11:26:47] <jonnycrunch>	Burn: Volunteer actions
[Tue 11:27:02] <ottonomy>	Sorry, don't have privileges to assign. Github username is ottonomy, so someone in the org can assign me.
[Tue 11:27:03] <jonnycrunch>	Burn:  RE: revocation models
[Tue 11:27:19] <jonnycrunch>	manu:  Nate can't assign himself. need designation for write.
[Tue 11:27:31] <manu>	ACTION: Manu to assign new team members to vc-data-model for issue processing.
[Tue 11:28:00] <manu>	Add revocation model to verfiable claims data model spec: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/pull/36
[Tue 11:28:20] <jonnycrunch>	manu:  will add revocation model to VC date model
[Tue 11:28:41] <jonnycrunch>	... this is an example where we add additional details to spec
[Tue 11:29:15] <jonnycrunch>	manu:  walk thru of pull request for #36
[Tue 11:30:07] <jonnycrunch>	... there were some significant changes with update language.  back and forth last few days refining the PR
[Tue 11:30:17] *	dlongley if you click the "Conversation" tab and then click "Show outdated" lower down you'll see the comments
[Tue 11:30:37] <jonnycrunch>	... 16 back and forths, but resulted in reviewers saying 'this looks good to me'
[Tue 11:30:50] *	dlongley as manu made revisions to address the comments, the comments get hidden -- so you have to click "show" to see them after they've been addressed.
[Tue 11:30:56] <burn>	q+
[Tue 11:30:56] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: burn
[Tue 11:31:15] <jonnycrunch>	... if you assign yourself an issue.  make a change, add PR.  tag reviewers and get feedback.
[Tue 11:31:17] <burn>	ack burn
[Tue 11:31:17] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor.
[Tue 11:31:42] <jonnycrunch>	burn:  i sent out a ppt regarding how to do PR.
[Tue 11:32:36] <jonnycrunch>	... whenever you go to PR you can see latest commit.
[Tue 11:32:10] <jonnycrunch>	ACTION: Dan Burnett to send out presentation about submitting Pull Requests.
[Tue 11:33:16] <jonnycrunch>	Burn:  adrian and manu were going to do a review regarding privacy.
[Tue 11:33:30] <jonnycrunch>	Manu: Joe is leading it.
[Tue 11:33:41] <manu>	JoeAndrieu, jonnycrunch, ottonomy: I've added each of you to the team, you should be able to self-assign issues now.
[Tue 11:33:45] <jonnycrunch>	andrieu:  i'm a volunteer. adam on queue and lead us.
[Tue 11:33:56] <burn>	s/regarding privacy/regarding privacy for Adrian's use case/
[Tue 11:34:20] <jonnycrunch>	adam:  I've got the xls and will be starting.  take an ititial stab at it.
[Tue 11:34:25] <jonnycrunch>	q+
[Tue 11:34:25] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has been added to the queue: jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:34:56] <jonnycrunch>	burn:  Joe, last week you also agreed to update the github issues.  any updates.
[Tue 11:35:30] <jonnycrunch>	andrieu:  i did it after the last call.  the Rx discussion regarding correlatability forked, updated one of them.
[Tue 11:36:02] <jonnycrunch>	andrieu:  i updated issue #38
[Tue 11:36:08] <manu>	q+ to ask Joe when he thinks he can take a stab at some spec text?
[Tue 11:36:08] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: jonnycrunch, manu
[Tue 11:36:14] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:36:14] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to ask Joe when he thinks he can take a stab at some spec text?).
[Tue 11:36:21] <manu>	q+ to ask Joe when he thinks he can take a stab at some spec text?
[Tue 11:36:21] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: jonnycrunch, manu
[Tue 11:36:23] <manu>	ack jonnycrunch 
[Tue 11:36:23] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has the floor.
[Tue 11:36:25] <burn>	ack jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:36:25] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:36:53] <amigus>	Sure, will provide it
[Tue 11:36:58] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:36:58] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to ask Joe when he thinks he can take a stab at some spec text?).
[Tue 11:37:11] <manu>	https://opencreds.github.io/vc-data-model/#usage-patterns
[Tue 11:37:17] <jonnycrunch>	jonnycrunch:  I was traveling.  sorry , I'll check the work in box.
[Tue 11:38:35] *	ottonomy has quit ("My MacBook Pro has gone to sleep. ZZZzzz…")
[Tue 11:38:38] <jonnycrunch>	manu:  regard usage pattern.  can the model be used for correlatability.  the question for this issue, when you use id in VC, can you add some language regarding how correlatability be done?
[Tue 11:38:45] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:38:45] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:39:16] <jonnycrunch>	andrieu:  yes.  looking at usage pattern.  there are some other places where it can be a problem.
[Tue 11:39:27] <adamlake>	There is a PDF slide presentation in an email titled “PR Tutorial Part II (Was Re: Agenda for January 10 VCTF meeting) “ from January 9th
[Tue 11:39:53] <burn>	yes Adam, that's part II.  Part I was in December.
[Tue 11:40:16] *	burn Adam, do you have the links as well?
[Tue 11:40:37] <jonnycrunch>	manu:  we may want to zoom into one example of coorelation.   for example. if you use your driver's license to by alcohol, then you use proof of age to some who owns the store, then, ...
[Tue 11:40:54] <jonnycrunch>	... you can be correlated. usage-patterns.
[Tue 11:41:01] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:41:01] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:41:13] <manu>	q+ to make note on privacy section
[Tue 11:41:13] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:41:34] <jonnycrunch>	Andrieu: yes, that issue is about usage patterns. i can add some language regarding this.
[Tue 11:41:50] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:41:50] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to make note on privacy section).
[Tue 11:42:06] <jonnycrunch>	... sometimes you are using these claims to DO correlation sometimes we wan to avoid it.
[Tue 11:42:31] <jonnycrunch>	manu:  look at section 5 text.  if you feel text is lacking, fill in.
[Tue 11:42:55] <jonnycrunch>	... don't take that list as final.  it is draft, please update.
[Tue 11:43:10] <jonnycrunch>	... whole section is up for grabs.
[Tue 11:43:13] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:43:13] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:43:28] <adamlake>	burn: they are attachments not links. Part I is from Dec 13th entitled "Agenda: Verifiable Claims Teleconference - Tuesday, December 13th, 2016"  I can upload the PDF's to google docs and link people to them if that would help.
[Tue 11:43:29] <burn>	Topic: Discuss work on requirements gathering
[Tue 11:43:49] <jonnycrunch>	burn:  will add links later.
[Tue 11:44:00] <burn>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Feb/0015.html
[Tue 11:44:12] *	manu burn, no need to put in the Agenda item number, that's done automatically by the minuting software.
[Tue 11:44:21] <jonnycrunch>	burn:  chairs have been discussing ways to acccelearte progress.
[Tue 11:45:02] <jonnycrunch>	... these resources are a good focus point for discussion.
[Tue 11:45:24] <manu>	q+ to ask if our starting list is #user-tasks in vc-use-cases?
[Tue 11:45:25] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:45:52] <burn>	q+
[Tue 11:45:52] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: manu, burn
[Tue 11:45:55] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:45:55] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, burn
[Tue 11:46:02] <jonnycrunch>	... chairs sent out a call for issues. not sure priority, yet, but let's see what we get first.
[Tue 11:46:04] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:46:04] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to ask if our starting list is #user-tasks in vc-use-cases?).
[Tue 11:46:08] <manu>	https://opencreds.github.io/vc-use-cases/#user-tasks
[Tue 11:46:30] <jonnycrunch>	manu:  question - use task section is our starting list?
[Tue 11:46:46] <jonnycrunch>	burn: no, it contains items that should be used as a starting point.
[Tue 11:46:56] *	ottonomy (~ottonomy@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:47:47] <jonnycrunch>	... encourage building out details regarding list.
[Tue 11:47:53] <JoeAndrieu>	+1 Google doc
[Tue 11:47:59] <jonnycrunch>	manu:  should we make a google doc?
[Tue 11:48:29] <jonnycrunch>	burn:  not everyone likes google doc, mailing list is archival.
[Tue 11:48:38] <manu>	q+ to ask if there are objections to just creating a Google Doc now?
[Tue 11:48:38] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: burn, manu
[Tue 11:48:44] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:48:44] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to ask if there are objections to just creating a Google Doc now?).
[Tue 11:48:57] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 11:48:57] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: burn, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:49:04] <burn>	q-
[Tue 11:49:04] <voip-vctf>	burn has been removed from the queue: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:49:07] <jonnycrunch>	Andrieu:  could we just make an issue in github?
[Tue 11:49:25] <burn>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:49:26] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 11:49:35] <JoeAndrieu>	andrieu: could we just make an issue in github?
[Tue 11:49:37] <jonnycrunch>	manu:  could we just send the google doc to the mailing list for achive?
[Tue 11:49:58] <jonnycrunch>	manu: not everyone as access to google doc
[Tue 11:50:13] <jonnycrunch>	andrieu:  issue with mailing list is it have other traffic.
[Tue 11:50:21] *	colleen has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:50:27] <jonnycrunch>	burn: my issue is that it is "live"
[Tue 11:50:42] <jonnycrunch>	+1 for google doc
[Tue 11:51:08] <jonnycrunch>	ACTION: Dan Burnett to discuss Google Doc with Manu.
[Tue 11:51:22] <burn>	q+
[Tue 11:51:22] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: burn
[Tue 11:51:27] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:51:27] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: burn
[Tue 11:51:41] <burn>	Topic: Use Case Issue 18: Holder Terminology
[Tue 11:51:55] <burn>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-use-cases/issues/18
[Tue 11:52:20] <jonnycrunch>	burn:  we believe that it is OK to close.  objections?  comments?
[Tue 11:52:33] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:52:33] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: burn
[Tue 11:52:33] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-0000013a] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:52:38] <burn>	q-
[Tue 11:52:38] <voip-vctf>	burn has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 11:53:22] <jonnycrunch>	burn:  matt suggesting we close
[Tue 11:54:03] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:54:03] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:54:14] <burn>	ack dlongley
[Tue 11:54:14] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:54:19] <jonnycrunch>	andrieu: I prefer 'presenter'
[Tue 11:54:34] <jonnycrunch>	Dave:  When the WG starts up, we might have new participants that also want to change the terminology, let's keep this open for now.
[Tue 11:54:50] <burn>	RESOLVED: Do not close yet Issue 18 yet.
[Tue 11:55:00] <jonnycrunch>	Burn:  decision is not to close it yet.
[Tue 11:55:13] <burn>	Topic: Use Case Issue 34: Lifecycle Engagement - next steps
[Tue 11:55:24] <burn>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-use-cases/issues/34
[Tue 11:56:28] <jonnycrunch>	andrieu:  on issue #39, matt brought up presumption background/managing their portfolio. I would prefer life-cylce.
[Tue 11:56:59] <jonnycrunch>	... we could do this for Rx,  need discussion with matt.
[Tue 11:57:24] <jonnycrunch>	... about a paragraph for each step. don't have the resources or space for this.
[Tue 11:57:39] <jonnycrunch>	burn: so? what does that mean?
[Tue 11:58:26] <jonnycrunch>	andrieu:  this is a format for a deep dive in our process. if matt want a deep dive. I'm happy to work it into our model.  I'm working with chris allen for rebooting web of trust.
[Tue 11:58:40] <manu>	q+ to make a suggestion.
[Tue 11:58:40] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:58:41] <burn>	q+
[Tue 11:58:41] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: manu, burn
[Tue 11:58:41] <jonnycrunch>	... next steps, decide which topic to invest time.
[Tue 11:58:44] <manu>	q-
[Tue 11:58:45] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue: burn
[Tue 11:58:46] <manu>	q+ to make a suggestion.
[Tue 11:58:46] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: burn, manu
[Tue 11:58:47] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:58:47] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to make a suggestion.).
[Tue 11:59:40] <jonnycrunch>	manu:  'where we put focus' - we have the right people in retail, education and healthcare.  digital bizare we are interested in retail.
[Tue 12:00:17] <jonnycrunch>	... we have three choices: healthcare, education ( need help), retail ( digital bazaar working on it)
[Tue 12:00:18] <burn>	ack burn
[Tue 12:00:18] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor.
[Tue 12:00:44] <jonnycrunch>	burn:  the answer is whoever is willing to do it.
[Tue 12:01:10] <jonnycrunch>	... let's start with those three
[Tue 12:01:11] <manu>	+1
[Tue 12:01:14] <adamlake>	https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-9PunarDjIoJctx55BiJB109cIAOh_atBE5xxnQklPc/edit#slide=id.p4
[Tue 12:01:24] <ottonomy>	Education can potentially lean on the use cases/capabilities defined for open badges. See "in 2.0" column here. https://github.com/openbadges/openbadges-specification/projects/1
[Tue 12:01:24] <jonnycrunch>	Present+ lake, longley, sporny, lehn, larson, burn, stone, varn, holt, migus, kennedy, otto, dezell
