[2019-05-14T15:58:19.407Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ Joe_Andrieu
[2019-05-14T16:00:56.656Z]	<yancy>	present+
[2019-05-14T16:01:14.527Z]	<lparker>	present+
[2019-05-14T16:02:16.770Z]	<brent_>	present+ Brent_Zundel
[2019-05-14T16:02:33.858Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/meetings/2019-05-07/
[2019-05-14T16:02:36.682Z]	<bbarnhill>	present+ Bill_Barnhill
[2019-05-14T16:02:49.946Z]	<Justin_R>	present+
[2019-05-14T16:03:54.149Z]	<TallTed>	present+ Ted_Thibodeau
[2019-05-14T16:04:05.207Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2019-05-14T16:04:40.709Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2019-05-14T16:05:06.726Z]	<kimhd>	I think a lot of people are at blockchain week
[2019-05-14T16:05:15.094Z]	<kimhd>	or the other ID thing
[2019-05-14T16:05:28.466Z]	<rgrant>	present+
[2019-05-14T16:06:17.959Z]	<manu>	present+
[2019-05-14T16:06:21.010Z]	<identitywoman>	present+
[2019-05-14T16:06:29.272Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: introductions
[2019-05-14T16:08:12.473Z]	<rgrant>	bbarnhill: Bill ... DoD .. autonomous agents ... standards bodies (?which) ...started a company in identity standards ... now with a new employer and getting back into standards development
[2019-05-14T16:08:12.590Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2019-05-14T16:08:25.254Z]	<manu>	present+ bbarnhill
[2019-05-14T16:08:25.666Z]	<kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019May/0037.html
[2019-05-14T16:08:25.667Z]	<kimhd>	Scribe: rgrant
[2019-05-14T16:08:25.668Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Introductions and Reintroductions
[2019-05-14T16:08:25.680Z]	<rgrant>	Bill Barnhill
[2019-05-14T16:08:26.258Z]	<rgrant>	... has created software for over 25 years, 18 of them with the U.S. Department of Defense.
[2019-05-14T16:08:27.739Z]	<rgrant>	... primarily designs and develops solutions in the areas of messaging, semantic technologies, and autonomous agents
[2019-05-14T16:08:29.247Z]	<rgrant>	... served as OASIS Technical Advisory Board member for two terms
[2019-05-14T16:08:30.488Z]	<rgrant>	... served as co-chair of the XDI technical committee
[2019-05-14T16:08:31.487Z]	<rgrant>	... started developing Communitivity ten years ago, a company whose mission was to enable high-communitivity digital communities via sofware and standards in the areas of vendor relationship management, distributed ledgers, and distributed autonomous organizations. We saw Community as a verb, and Communitivity as how much an individual or organization is doing Community. Unfortunately the effort had to be shelved due to employment requirements by my employer at that time.
[2019-05-14T16:09:13.639Z]	<rgrant>	Joachim Lohkahp ... from Berlin, getting involved
[2019-05-14T16:09:31.988Z]	<MosesMa>	present+
[2019-05-14T16:09:42.157Z]	<bbarnhill>	waves to Markus, Manu, and Kaliya..familiar names from my time with XDI!
[2019-05-14T16:10:04.715Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: reintroductions?
[2019-05-14T16:12:09.368Z]	<rgrant>	MosesMa: Future Labs Consulting ... cheerleaders for DID space ... writing up a proposal for Universal Postal Union ... 180 post offices and 600k retail postal offices ... apologies for not volunteering as a scribe due to typing skillz
[2019-05-14T16:12:26.230Z]	<manu>	voip: noise?
[2019-05-14T16:12:37.091Z]	<manu>	voip: noise?
[2019-05-14T16:12:41.321Z]	<rgrant>	Topic: Announcements & Reminders
[2019-05-14T16:12:42.839Z]	<manu>	voip: mute 1d8
[2019-05-14T16:13:05.107Z]	<kimhd>	Reminder that we're posting future meetings on the announcements page: https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2019-05-14T16:13:07.341Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2019-05-14T16:13:07.648Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2019-05-14T16:13:20.394Z]	<manu>	voip: unmute 1d8
[2019-05-14T16:13:22.790Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack kimhd
[2019-05-14T16:13:27.375Z]	<manu>	voip: mute 1d8
[2019-05-14T16:13:30.361Z]	<manu>	voip: unmute 1d8
[2019-05-14T16:13:52.173Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: Dedicated DID calls on Thursdays.    #RebootingWebOfTrust IX Prague — September 3-6th.   5/28 - Updated CCG Process.
[2019-05-14T16:14:21.193Z]	<rgrant>	kimhd: let us know if you have proposals for next week.   we are trying to announce meeting agendas as far as possible in advance
[2019-05-14T16:14:23.407Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2019-05-14T16:14:31.934Z]	<rgrant>	Topic: Action Items
[2019-05-14T16:14:40.807Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/71
[2019-05-14T16:15:14.621Z]	<rgrant>	kimhd: lots of support for OpenPGP suite.  making it an informal work item.
[2019-05-14T16:15:35.832Z]	<rgrant>	kimhd: finding no objections, moving forward with that.
[2019-05-14T16:15:36.047Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/66
[2019-05-14T16:16:00.259Z]	<rgrant>	kimhd: DID WG charter had some editorial-in-nature issues
[2019-05-14T16:16:05.610Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-05-14T16:16:14.140Z]	<rgrant>	kimhd: see email, but also see this #66
[2019-05-14T16:16:31.549Z]	<rgrant>	kimhd: send feedback to github thread or mailing list.
[2019-05-14T16:16:42.767Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/73
[2019-05-14T16:16:53.967Z]	<rgrant>	kimhd: still working though survey items from last week
[2019-05-14T16:16:56.353Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to talk about formal/informal work items
[2019-05-14T16:17:37.500Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack Joe
[2019-05-14T16:17:37.580Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-05-14T16:17:45.407Z]	<rgrant>	kimhd: regarding Discuss knowledge transfer / onboarding opportunities, we could use help corralling various charter issues floating around.  Kim can help anyone interested getting up to speed.
[2019-05-14T16:17:47.407Z]	<chrisboscolo>	present+
[2019-05-14T16:17:50.327Z]	<kimhd>	sure, sounds good
[2019-05-14T16:17:58.327Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: not sure if informal work item appropriate on that one.
[2019-05-14T16:18:03.687Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-05-14T16:18:09.266Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: we'll discuss that
[2019-05-14T16:18:23.089Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: DID spec meeting report
[2019-05-14T16:18:41.622Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: paging markus_sabadello
[2019-05-14T16:19:06.127Z]	<kimhd>	reminder to reach out to me if you want to be mentored on DID WG Charter issue shepherding. It's a good way to get involved, and doesn't require technical knowledge (just writing!)
[2019-05-14T16:20:44.389Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HXik6hxHfGZR1-nhmQoYO5Ap3eGPNpg8MitCQXdW7Q0/edit?usp=sharing
[2019-05-14T16:20:49.666Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Decentralized Identifier Rubrics
[2019-05-14T16:20:49.867Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: Rubrics: idea of a decentralized DID method.  Do we have a position on whether centralization disqualifies a DID method?  The idea of a set of rubrics was discussed.  Rubric means a way of evaluating.
[2019-05-14T16:20:53.429Z]	<rgrant>	"a guide listing specific criteria for grading or scoring academic papers, projects, or tests"
[2019-05-14T16:22:00.527Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-05-14T16:22:05.760Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu:  Am I missing something that should be added to (all?) DID method specs?
[2019-05-14T16:22:13.998Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: (via the document) The following rubrics are to be applied to specific DID Methods to evaluate how well they support different goals of decentralization.
[2019-05-14T16:22:48.591Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: using two different styles: pick the best, and list of questions.
[2019-05-14T16:23:15.916Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: IIW results for deciding blockchain permissions were that this depends on governance aspect.
[2019-05-14T16:23:56.601Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: for instance, section 1.1 describes a spectrum of openness.
[2019-05-14T16:24:23.607Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: section 2. Financial accountability descibes another spectrum.
[2019-05-14T16:24:54.794Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: section 3. Code Base.  Are there other obvious major sections to consider?
[2019-05-14T16:25:59.881Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: 4. Interoperability
[2019-05-14T16:26:13.552Z]	<manu>	q+ to note input on ecosystem components.
[2019-05-14T16:26:20.898Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-05-14T16:26:29.487Z]	<rgrant>	manu: are you looking for input right now
[2019-05-14T16:26:37.631Z]	<rgrant>	manu: what's the definition of a wallet?
[2019-05-14T16:27:31.613Z]	<rgrant>	manu: the ecosystem, at scale, has various components that each may interoperate or not.  Something to keep in mind.
[2019-05-14T16:28:00.450Z]	<rgrant>	manu: One approach may be to address the interoperability of each key component in the ecosystem.
[2019-05-14T16:28:31.420Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-05-14T16:28:33.328Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-05-14T16:28:37.373Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: To acknowledge that, it's hard.  We don't have any methods that are multi-registry.
[2019-05-14T16:28:49.549Z]	<rgrant>	chrisboscolo: Can you expand on registry methods?
[2019-05-14T16:29:29.552Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: Your method may reside on Bitcoin and Ethereum at the same time, or alternatively on either.  My DID could be registered on two chains.
[2019-05-14T16:29:33.572Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-05-14T16:30:00.673Z]	<samchase>	q+
[2019-05-14T16:30:23.807Z]	<rgrant>	Q from Ken: are you considering agents differently?
[2019-05-14T16:30:50.411Z]	<bbarnhill>	I’d imagine an autonomous agent to be a combination of one or more of resolver, wallet, and personal registry
[2019-05-14T16:30:54.840Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: I'm open to suggestions that we should break that down
[2019-05-14T16:30:56.281Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	what is a wallet?
[2019-05-14T16:31:02.042Z]	<MosesMa>	Agents are autonomous, so they need to be verified by a claim from the user, right?
[2019-05-14T16:31:03.421Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: So we need to note what a wallet is.
[2019-05-14T16:31:19.758Z]	<bbarnhill>	q+
[2019-05-14T16:31:22.136Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: You saw wallet as storage, as opposed to the interaction part.
[2019-05-14T16:31:28.167Z]	<brent_>	+1 to an agent(interaction) being separate from a wallet(storage)
[2019-05-14T16:31:40.728Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-05-14T16:31:48.926Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack samchase
[2019-05-14T16:31:54.890Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: And the wallet is not conceptualized as something doing things on behalf of the user, although it could.
[2019-05-14T16:32:47.768Z]	<rgrant>	samchase: We don't yet have a credential (such as a Veres One) that fits in a competitor wallet (such as Sovrin).
[2019-05-14T16:32:49.807Z]	<MosesMa>	I wrote this for the ACM 20 years ago about autonomous agents: https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=295708
[2019-05-14T16:33:17.369Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: What we're missing is that some methods do have restrictions about credentials.
[2019-05-14T16:33:28.888Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack bbarnhill
[2019-05-14T16:33:32.071Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: And that does lead to questions about how interoperable they are.
[2019-05-14T16:34:10.787Z]	<rgrant>	bbarnhill: Mean to lurk, but regarding autonomous agents, an agent using DIDs would contain resolvers, wallet, and "personal registry".
[2019-05-14T16:34:47.656Z]	<rgrant>	bbarnhill:  Let's say I have contacts that I know as "Bob".  My personal registry would map that to a DID.
[2019-05-14T16:35:05.908Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-05-14T16:35:11.947Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: Several papers from RWOT have addressed this.  Look for "local names".
[2019-05-14T16:35:46.715Z]	<jonathan_holt>	+1 to Keymaster
[2019-05-14T16:36:30.967Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: 5.0.4. Do DID Controllers have cryptographically provable control over DID Documents?
[2019-05-14T16:37:03.227Z]	<manu>	q+ to mention forking.
[2019-05-14T16:37:05.247Z]	<MosesMa>	+1 to Keymaster, also can't we call something a Multipass? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jWGbvemTag
[2019-05-14T16:37:20.988Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-05-14T16:37:22.737Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-05-14T16:37:41.127Z]	<rgrant>	manu: Didn't see forking.  "Does the DID mechanism prevent forking?"
[2019-05-14T16:38:08.107Z]	<rgrant>	manu: Taking a key method that exists.  You could be susceptible to forking.
[2019-05-14T16:38:18.967Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: See 13.02
[2019-05-14T16:38:31.891Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: 13.0.2. Is the method resilient against registry forks?
[2019-05-14T16:38:56.007Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: I'm not sure what it means to be resilient against a fork.  There are small and big forks.
[2019-05-14T16:39:35.454Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: 6. Fiduciary Commitments
[2019-05-14T16:40:09.587Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: The fiduciary agent has a dusty to put the interests of the principle above their own interests.
[2019-05-14T16:41:22.107Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: I don't know anyone who's doing this.  But I would like to see it.
[2019-05-14T16:41:27.958Z]	<rgrant>	manu: Examples please
[2019-05-14T16:42:07.850Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: A patent attorney has a responsibility to not steal my patent.  These are beyond contract law.
[2019-05-14T16:42:40.747Z]	<rgrant>	manu: I get it as a matter of principle.  What could a node or a wallet provider do?
[2019-05-14T16:42:49.539Z]	<rgrant>	manu: would money be on the line?
[2019-05-14T16:43:08.138Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: how you monitor and enforce the responsibility is a little different.
[2019-05-14T16:43:08.822Z]	<jonathan_holt>	would lose their professional license as in medicine
[2019-05-14T16:43:11.367Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2019-05-14T16:43:24.418Z]	<rgrant>	scribe error, previous was JoeAndrieu
[2019-05-14T16:43:38.067Z]	<rgrant>	rgrant: no scribe error
[2019-05-14T16:43:39.698Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+
[2019-05-14T16:43:51.898Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack kimhd
[2019-05-14T16:43:54.191Z]	<MosesMa>	It might be that a "power of attorney" claim may include a fiduciary requirement, but this needs to be included via smart contract that has automated penalties, right?
[2019-05-14T16:44:44.100Z]	<MosesMa>	ie, Proof of Stake in fiduciary relationship, haha.
[2019-05-14T16:44:48.437Z]	<rgrant>	kimhd: I think of it as a separate concern from decentralization, but if you get into how that occurs <audio dropout> ... may be a useful characteristic of DIDs.
[2019-05-14T16:45:10.238Z]	<bbarnhill>	Cornell has a good page about fiduciary responsibility, breaking it down into individual duties: https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/fiduciary_duty
[2019-05-14T16:45:48.993Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-05-14T16:45:55.950Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack jonathan_holt
[2019-05-14T16:45:56.500Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: the rubrics are a part of how we can capture the things we are really looking for, when we say "decentralizaed".  And I think the things we are really looking for is whether we can trust this system.  So a fiduciary obligation helps the agent invest in taking care of the obligation.
[2019-05-14T16:46:01.898Z]	<manu>	I agree that this is something interesting that needs to be explored more... agree with kimhd that it's a difficult fit for DID Rubrics.
[2019-05-14T16:46:38.596Z]	<rgrant>	jonathan_holt: as a physician your medical license is on the line, and you use documentation and an audit trail.
[2019-05-14T16:46:40.094Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-05-14T16:46:51.206Z]	<manu>	I like that description by jonathan_holt - it grounds the discussion
[2019-05-14T16:47:15.055Z]	<Justin_R>	From the OIDF HEART working group: http://xml2rfc.tools.ietf.org/cgi-bin/xml2rfc.cgi?modeAsFormat=html/ascii&url=https://bitbucket.org/openid/heart/raw/master/openid-heart-fhir-oauth2.xml#rfc.section.4
[2019-05-14T16:47:18.132Z]	<rgrant>	jonathan_holt: <something about this being different> if they have access to your private key, "would be a dilemma".
[2019-05-14T16:47:19.399Z]	<manu>	That's my only concern, is that it wasn't grounded in a way that I could understand wrt. DID Methods.
[2019-05-14T16:47:29.649Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-05-14T16:47:38.490Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-05-14T16:47:43.341Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: the point of this is that we are not 100% aligned.  Let's get everything on the table to look for a subset to agree on.
[2019-05-14T16:47:54.902Z]	<kimhd>	+1 great work Joe and those who contributed
[2019-05-14T16:48:11.341Z]	<rgrant>	markus_sabadello: this looks like great work and I'm grateful to the chairs for bringing it to this point.
[2019-05-14T16:48:17.587Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	*nod* to passionate comments.
[2019-05-14T16:48:21.592Z]	<rgrant>	markus_sabadello: apologies for strong comments
[2019-05-14T16:48:57.387Z]	<rgrant>	markus_sabadello: a few weeks ago, it seemed like anything could be a DID method.  the fake FB page helped trigger a lot of thinking on the subject.
[2019-05-14T16:49:29.008Z]	<manu>	+1 great work all around... I think we have a better mechanism to think about the topic of "decentralization".
[2019-05-14T16:49:29.772Z]	<rgrant>	markus_sabadello: this still should affect the charter
[2019-05-14T16:50:00.181Z]	<ken>	present+ Ken_Ebert
[2019-05-14T16:50:10.655Z]	<manu>	q+ to ask how to move PRs forward.
[2019-05-14T16:50:16.095Z]	<rgrant>	markus_sabadello: soemtimes we don't want to say anything ideological, but the topic is inherently ideological.  This set of rubrics helps clarify what it is we're talking about.
[2019-05-14T16:50:34.035Z]	<manu>	q-
[2019-05-14T16:51:04.762Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: 7. Reliable Recovery
[2019-05-14T16:51:17.188Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: 8. Substitutability
[2019-05-14T16:51:26.319Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: 9. Revocation
[2019-05-14T16:51:36.628Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: 10. Resolution
[2019-05-14T16:52:10.176Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: 11. Costs
[2019-05-14T16:52:36.652Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: 12. Censorship Resistance
[2019-05-14T16:52:50.895Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: 13. Uncategorized
[2019-05-14T16:53:19.658Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: email directly.  over to Manu
[2019-05-14T16:53:55.833Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pulls
[2019-05-14T16:54:08.827Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/179
[2019-05-14T16:54:15.693Z]	<rgrant>	manu: Thanks to JoeAndrieu and everyone at IIW.  This was started from pull requests on the DID spec.  Pull #179.
[2019-05-14T16:54:40.460Z]	<rgrant>	manu: I'm trying to come up with something concrete to make a decision on this pull request.
[2019-05-14T16:54:54.120Z]	<rgrant>	manu: Proposal: make a link to the Google Doc.
[2019-05-14T16:55:17.808Z]	<rgrant>	manu: To decide what a good DID method is, look at this document.
[2019-05-14T16:55:57.920Z]	<rgrant>	manu: Would anyone object to pulling in the DID:web and DID:FB methods?  Or does someone want to make a new pull request?
[2019-05-14T16:56:02.099Z]	<rgrant>	manu: thoughts?
[2019-05-14T16:56:03.370Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-05-14T16:57:08.787Z]	<rgrant>	manu: doesn't think there would be objections to a pointer to Rubrics doc in the spec.
[2019-05-14T16:57:16.087Z]	<rgrant>	manu: checking with group... ?
[2019-05-14T16:57:21.198Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2019-05-14T16:57:35.136Z]	<manu>	q+ to ask if markus_sabadello would be happy with that.
[2019-05-14T16:57:40.401Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack kimhd
[2019-05-14T16:57:40.620Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: If we're going to cite it, then it should be an output of the group.
[2019-05-14T16:58:16.135Z]	<rgrant>	kimhd: I was hearing Manu saying that pulling in #197 brings in those examples.  Is that correct?
[2019-05-14T16:58:20.300Z]	<rgrant>	manu: Yes.
[2019-05-14T16:58:47.668Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+
[2019-05-14T16:59:05.268Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/179/files
[2019-05-14T16:59:11.109Z]	<manu>	^^^ That's the change.
[2019-05-14T16:59:16.447Z]	<rgrant>	manu: We're going to come out with a rubric-based clear description of what a "good DID method" is, to counteract term dilution.
[2019-05-14T16:59:27.410Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-05-14T17:00:06.090Z]	<rgrant>	manu: Before it used to say specific things about "independent of a centralized registry" (and other things).
[2019-05-14T17:00:25.547Z]	<rgrant>	manu:  We are loosening the requirement a bit.
[2019-05-14T17:01:03.333Z]	<MosesMa>	+1 Joe for rubric initiative, bye everyone, have a good week
[2019-05-14T17:01:06.417Z]	<rgrant>	manu: If we did that change and also add the rubrics to explain the group's intent, then that would be <Manu's easing of #179>
[2019-05-14T17:01:17.945Z]	<kimhd>	Brilliant work and leadership Joe!
[2019-05-14T17:01:18.599Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: Thanks everyone!
[2019-05-14T17:01:33.608Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2019-05-14T17:01:39.729Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 1c2
[2019-05-14T17:01:40.647Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 1cb
[2019-05-14T17:01:42.214Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 1cf
[2019-05-14T17:01:43.180Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 1ce
