[2019-10-15T16:00:34.717Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2019-10-15T16:01:00.026Z]	<kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Oct/0014.html
[2019-10-15T16:01:13.191Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2019-10-15T16:01:25.812Z]	<Justin_R>	present+
[2019-10-15T16:01:56.319Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-10-15T16:02:02.211Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2019-10-15T16:02:13.222Z]	<manu>	present+
[2019-10-15T16:02:15.303Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2019-10-15T16:02:17.667Z]	<Shivam_sethi__>	present+
[2019-10-15T16:02:26.552Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2019-10-15T16:02:28.500Z]	<Orie>	present+ Orie
[2019-10-15T16:02:48.047Z]	<chriswinc>	present+
[2019-10-15T16:02:55.135Z]	<yancy>	present+
[2019-10-15T16:03:07.639Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/join
[2019-10-15T16:03:16.844Z]	<kimhd>	: https://www.w3.org/accounts/request
[2019-10-15T16:03:24.778Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.w3.org/community/about/agreements/cla/
[2019-10-15T16:03:27.262Z]	<ahripak>	present+
[2019-10-15T16:03:48.541Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2019-10-15T16:03:58.112Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
d/1LkqZ10z7FeV3EgMIQEJ9achEYMzy1d_2S90Q_lQ0y8M/edit#
[2019-10-15T16:06:22.052Z]	<manu>	voip: noise?
[2019-10-15T16:06:28.359Z]	<kimhd>	Scribe: yancy
[2019-10-15T16:06:44.297Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: noise?
[2019-10-15T16:06:49.315Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: mute b16
[2019-10-15T16:06:54.133Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: unmute b16
[2019-10-15T16:07:51.474Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Introductions and Reintroductions
[2019-10-15T16:07:58.101Z]	<yancy>	chriswinc: joining from learning machine
[2019-10-15T16:08:00.894Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Announcements & Reminders
[2019-10-15T16:08:06.443Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2019-10-15T16:08:24.885Z]	<kimhd>	https://zoom.us/j/7077077007
[2019-10-15T16:08:32.342Z]	<yancy>	kimhd: still have dedicated DID calls happening
[2019-10-15T16:09:00.141Z]	<yancy>	... did wg has been launched and is transitioning over
[2019-10-15T16:09:16.713Z]	<yancy>	... I can help put you in touch with the right people to get involved in the DID wg
[2019-10-15T16:09:25.984Z]	<yancy>	... closing out action items and work items
[2019-10-15T16:09:48.435Z]	<yancy>	... the work items that are lingering without action, for example waiting for major input
[2019-10-15T16:10:04.012Z]	<yancy>	... the chairs will be going through action items and work items
[2019-10-15T16:10:15.358Z]	<yancy>	... we will be starting road map planning for next year
[2019-10-15T16:10:26.700Z]	<yancy>	... if you do want to propose a new work item
[2019-10-15T16:10:34.656Z]	<yancy>	... there is a github way to do it
[2019-10-15T16:10:52.272Z]	<yancy>	... we don't want to force people to us github so i'm happy to help
[2019-10-15T16:11:06.016Z]	<yancy>	... lastly we will start asking for scribes before the call
[2019-10-15T16:11:24.687Z]	<yancy>	... incentive needs to be discussed
[2019-10-15T16:11:37.672Z]	<yancy>	... maybe send some btc
[2019-10-15T16:11:48.142Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Progress on Action Items
[2019-10-15T16:11:58.574Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2019-10-15T16:12:11.075Z]	<yancy>	... chairs went through to see what can be closed out
[2019-10-15T16:12:28.181Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/25
[2019-10-15T16:12:30.932Z]	<identitywoman>	+Present
[2019-10-15T16:12:40.392Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2019-10-15T16:13:02.079Z]	<yancy>	... ryan grant was working on test cases for DID docs
[2019-10-15T16:13:14.241Z]	<yancy>	... no action has happened for more than a year
[2019-10-15T16:13:22.644Z]	<yancy>	... maybe this should be tracked in the DID WG
[2019-10-15T16:13:38.453Z]	<yancy>	... I don't know if this issue is even needed
[2019-10-15T16:13:45.642Z]	<identitywoman>	present+
[2019-10-15T16:13:49.096Z]	<yancy>	... does it make sense to migrate this to the DID WG?
[2019-10-15T16:13:53.825Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-10-15T16:13:54.336Z]	<manu>	q+ to move to DID WG
[2019-10-15T16:14:05.324Z]	<manu>	q-
[2019-10-15T16:14:15.132Z]	<yancy>	brent: from what it sounds like it's already in the charter
[2019-10-15T16:14:24.780Z]	<Orie>	#25 seems stale, should be closed.
[2019-10-15T16:14:25.791Z]	<yancy>	... not sure if theres value in moving over though
[2019-10-15T16:14:37.276Z]	<yancy>	manu: agrees with Brent
[2019-10-15T16:14:48.081Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/4
[2019-10-15T16:15:38.472Z]	<yancy>	kimhd: we have a Veres one method spec
[2019-10-15T16:15:55.433Z]	<yancy>	... I get the need for a representative
[2019-10-15T16:16:05.083Z]	<Orie>	+1 for a good reference example for a did method spec.
[2019-10-15T16:16:21.620Z]	<yancy>	manu: I think I suggest closing the issue
[2019-10-15T16:16:31.138Z]	<yancy>	... eventually the spec will reach 1.0 stable
[2019-10-15T16:16:40.313Z]	<yancy>	... and we'll point people to it then
[2019-10-15T16:16:56.232Z]	<yancy>	kimhd: I do think the topic of providing better examples for people
[2019-10-15T16:17:20.547Z]	<manu>	+1 to what kimhd said wrt. "more docs when we need it"
[2019-10-15T16:17:27.957Z]	<yancy>	... if it's irritating that the same people are updating the method we can get someone in the community to support it
[2019-10-15T16:17:53.100Z]	<manu>	Wrapping up CCG DID spec email -- https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Oct/0015.html
[2019-10-15T16:17:55.327Z]	<yancy>	... now that the DID wg is formed, we want to transition items
[2019-10-15T16:18:15.213Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: DID handoff
[2019-10-15T16:18:30.038Z]	<yancy>	brent:  we are looking to formerly close the ccg did spec and other did related repos
[2019-10-15T16:18:38.437Z]	<yancy>	... we would like to begin that process
[2019-10-15T16:18:50.236Z]	<yancy>	... feel it's time to archive the repo
[2019-10-15T16:19:00.759Z]	<yancy>	manu:  email says it all
[2019-10-15T16:19:05.606Z]	<ahripak>	handoff, there's a pun in there somewhere
[2019-10-15T16:19:30.844Z]	<yancy>	kimhd: please checkout the link
[2019-10-15T16:20:08.008Z]	<manu>	VCWG Maintenance Charter email -- https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Oct/0016.html
[2019-10-15T16:20:09.834Z]	<yancy>	... now that the VC working group has finished, there's the idea of having a maintenance charter
[2019-10-15T16:20:28.513Z]	<yancy>	... the ask is to have this work happen in the context of the ccg
[2019-10-15T16:20:40.227Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: VC WG Maintenance Charter
[2019-10-15T16:20:40.286Z]	<yancy>	... going to ask once again to talk us through that
[2019-10-15T16:20:55.584Z]	<yancy>	manu:  what's the best way to maintain the spec
[2019-10-15T16:21:10.193Z]	<yancy>	... maybe restructure if it's worthwhile
[2019-10-15T16:21:18.342Z]	<yancy>	... keep the VC extenstion registry going
[2019-10-15T16:21:22.436Z]	<manu>	http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/msporny/charter-drafts/blob/msporny-vcwg-charter/verifiable-credentials-2019.html
[2019-10-15T16:21:54.865Z]	<yancy>	... there's a proposal here to extend the WG into a maintenance
[2019-10-15T16:22:11.880Z]	<yancy>	... the charter would be open for two years
[2019-10-15T16:22:49.074Z]	<yancy>	... this group has always struggled to move fast
[2019-10-15T16:22:58.863Z]	<yancy>	... this provides an opportunity to do so
[2019-10-15T16:23:22.585Z]	<yancy>	... this is a way to extend it in an offical capacity
[2019-10-15T16:24:01.952Z]	<yancy>	kimhd: what is needed from us?
[2019-10-15T16:24:17.695Z]	<yancy>	manu: does this group think it's a good idea and stuff like that
[2019-10-15T16:24:25.427Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-10-15T16:24:25.928Z]	<yancy>	... is what's needed
[2019-10-15T16:24:53.615Z]	<yancy>	... looking for input and modifications and a resolution that the group has reviewed it
[2019-10-15T16:24:57.433Z]	<kimhd>	CK ChristopherA
[2019-10-15T16:25:03.714Z]	<kimhd>	ACK ChristopherA
[2019-10-15T16:25:28.907Z]	<manu>	q+ to respond
[2019-10-15T16:25:34.878Z]	<yancy>	ChristopherA: we are more than a liaison here
[2019-10-15T16:25:37.885Z]	<manu>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-10-15T16:25:41.193Z]	<yancy>	... I'm confused where we fit
[2019-10-15T16:25:44.480Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2019-10-15T16:25:57.083Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-10-15T16:26:08.482Z]	<Orie>	q+ to introduce json-ld context hosting / contribution guidance
[2019-10-15T16:26:28.133Z]	<yancy>	manu: the reason this group is being pulled into the discussion is for consensus around issues
[2019-10-15T16:26:46.772Z]	<manu>	This group is expected to coordinate with the Credentials Community Group on consensus-based proposals related to content changes for Verifiable Credentials Working Group Deliverables. The Chairs of this group may choose to reject proposals that are incompatible with this Charter.
[2019-10-15T16:27:29.339Z]	<manu>	Credentials Community Group
[2019-10-15T16:27:29.424Z]	<manu>	Research, incubation, and consensus-based proposals related to content for consideration by this group.
[2019-10-15T16:28:08.744Z]	<manu>	q?
[2019-10-15T16:28:09.857Z]	<yancy>	kimhd: what is this? is this a ccg work item?\
[2019-10-15T16:28:21.700Z]	<yancy>	... chairs will want to know how to track
[2019-10-15T16:28:25.475Z]	<kimhd>	ack kimhd
[2019-10-15T16:28:34.934Z]	<yancy>	... it's up to this group to determine how to do that
[2019-10-15T16:28:39.987Z]	<manu>	How this group handles coordination with the VCWG is up to the CCG.
[2019-10-15T16:29:01.439Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-10-15T16:29:25.375Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-10-15T16:30:16.277Z]	<yancy>	ChristopherA: I suspect the right answer is to say that a work item is heading to another working group or IETF or whatever, when a work item is heading in this direction, this becomes another place they can submit results
[2019-10-15T16:30:30.105Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Contributing to JSON-LD Contexts
[2019-10-15T16:30:35.942Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/88
[2019-10-15T16:31:00.907Z]	<kimhd>	ack Orie
[2019-10-15T16:31:55.782Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-10-15T16:31:59.626Z]	<yancy>	Orie: it's not obvious how to fix these issues in json-ld, which has lead to ignoring the json-ld
[2019-10-15T16:32:25.182Z]	<yancy>	... my hope is that for the VC context and for the DID WG context, that we can create a single repo for it
[2019-10-15T16:32:33.957Z]	<yancy>	... and make it easier to update
[2019-10-15T16:32:53.276Z]	<yancy>	... I think there's been a recommendation already in the DID WG
[2019-10-15T16:33:07.096Z]	<manu>	q+ to outline "processes we need to establish to do this"
[2019-10-15T16:33:11.692Z]	<yancy>	... want to encourage wider context
[2019-10-15T16:33:17.597Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-10-15T16:33:18.692Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-10-15T16:33:40.892Z]	<yancy>	manu: I think what we're talking about here is a set of processes to update context and vocab
[2019-10-15T16:33:41.107Z]	<dlongley>	+1 to Orie to keeping things together and enabling updates in a single PR
[2019-10-15T16:33:47.532Z]	<yancy>	... the good news is we can do this
[2019-10-15T16:34:01.648Z]	<yancy>	... so there are a number of questions that we need to tackle
[2019-10-15T16:34:16.232Z]	<yancy>	... what do we do with context in production
[2019-10-15T16:34:28.807Z]	<yancy>	... vs things that are green-field contexts
[2019-10-15T16:34:53.748Z]	<yancy>	... and questions around vocab documents and we 've been ignoring the human readable entirley
[2019-10-15T16:35:14.839Z]	<yancy>	... and two it is the best for us to keep it up to date
[2019-10-15T16:35:28.425Z]	<yancy>	... and of course how do we get all groups on the same process
[2019-10-15T16:36:00.512Z]	<yancy>	... I think a lot of this boils down to a process we have around the DID and VC context
[2019-10-15T16:36:20.834Z]	<yancy>	... this boils down to this is the general approach
[2019-10-15T16:36:35.717Z]	<yancy>	... dlongley has started with how to extend
[2019-10-15T16:37:02.441Z]	<kimhd>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-10-15T16:37:09.973Z]	<yancy>	peacekeeper:  this is also being discussed in the new DID WG
[2019-10-15T16:37:18.153Z]	<manu>	q+ to note that "the process is decentralized"
[2019-10-15T16:37:30.479Z]	<yancy>	... the other thing I wanted to say is when Orie raised the issue it was motivated by a PR
[2019-10-15T16:37:40.718Z]	<yancy>	... and that leads to how to maintain the crypto suite
[2019-10-15T16:37:59.638Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-10-15T16:37:59.682Z]	<yancy>	... that's all links to maintain the registry
[2019-10-15T16:38:01.105Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2019-10-15T16:38:05.876Z]	<dlongley>	VC implementation guide: https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-imp-guide/
[2019-10-15T16:38:22.587Z]	<yancy>	manu:  so markus raised a question around the VC and DID has this problem
[2019-10-15T16:38:38.920Z]	<yancy>	... so the process is decentralized because there's a group that is in charge
[2019-10-15T16:38:48.619Z]	<yancy>	... so they manage that
[2019-10-15T16:39:14.638Z]	<yancy>	... we will push to the VCWG and this is one benefit of the ld approach
[2019-10-15T16:40:21.021Z]	<yancy>	... other communities may require just like formal votes
[2019-10-15T16:40:33.863Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-10-15T16:40:58.333Z]	<yancy>	kimhd:  i'm guessing we don't need any further action
[2019-10-15T16:41:06.562Z]	<manu>	q+ to ask if this is a realy big pain point for folks righ tnow... how fast should we move on this... Orie?
[2019-10-15T16:41:10.283Z]	<yancy>	... sound like there's a lot of support for this approach
[2019-10-15T16:41:18.025Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-10-15T16:41:54.836Z]	<yancy>	manu: the issue you had is something the DID WG needs to discuss. the question is how big of a painpoint is this?
[2019-10-15T16:42:00.313Z]	<Orie>	q+
[2019-10-15T16:42:04.579Z]	<kimhd>	ack Orie
[2019-10-15T16:42:05.227Z]	<yancy>	... and we should move on it in the next month
[2019-10-15T16:42:29.855Z]	<yancy>	Orie: part of the pain is not understanding how the VC and DID contexts are linked
[2019-10-15T16:42:58.779Z]	<yancy>	... the easy win here is in a readme someplace is a welcome to json-ld and here's what you need to know
[2019-10-15T16:43:02.606Z]	<manu>	https://w3c.github.io/vc-imp-guide/#extensions
[2019-10-15T16:43:38.923Z]	<yancy>	... lots of conversations with people at IIW and I think ink the longer term we need to pull people into the community
[2019-10-15T16:43:44.862Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2019-10-15T16:44:23.457Z]	<manu>	agree with everything Orie is saying...
[2019-10-15T16:44:33.116Z]	<yancy>	... if people aren't going to use json-ld and they do want to uses a specific curve it can muddy the watters
[2019-10-15T16:44:43.333Z]	<yancy>	... two phase process we should take
[2019-10-15T16:44:55.713Z]	<yancy>	... first get guidance into readme
[2019-10-15T16:45:11.947Z]	<yancy>	... and then if you're using json-ld here' what you need to do, and if not don't use it badly
[2019-10-15T16:45:24.019Z]	<yancy>	... people don're read how it works
[2019-10-15T16:45:32.645Z]	<yancy>	kimhd: the struggles are real
[2019-10-15T16:45:50.265Z]	<yancy>	... I think this something the community could benefit a lot from
[2019-10-15T16:46:01.686Z]	<manu>	q+ to note that we designed for cargo-cult JSON-LD... these are all good things to work on, the pain points are real, it does need to be addressed.
[2019-10-15T16:46:02.273Z]	<yancy>	... Orie makes good points
[2019-10-15T16:46:08.273Z]	<yancy>	... also general call for help
[2019-10-15T16:46:19.518Z]	<yancy>	... I forgot we had VC implementation guide
[2019-10-15T16:46:38.625Z]	<yancy>	... it would be nice to have our guidance be more discoverable
[2019-10-15T16:46:42.695Z]	<dlongley>	bigbluehat is working on a best practices doc for JSON-LD ... we should talk with the JSON-LD WG about what documents they are producing and give feedback to them.
[2019-10-15T16:46:47.294Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-10-15T16:46:52.520Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-10-15T16:46:57.833Z]	<kimhd>	ack kimhd
[2019-10-15T16:46:59.855Z]	<yancy>	manu: want to ack and agree
[2019-10-15T16:47:11.248Z]	<yancy>	... the fact that there are still problems is really concerning
[2019-10-15T16:47:21.907Z]	<yancy>	... the reasons it's around is it's a hard problem
[2019-10-15T16:47:41.003Z]	<yancy>	... maybe people start reading about vc stuff through the did spec
[2019-10-15T16:47:51.175Z]	<Orie>	people don't read :(
[2019-10-15T16:47:57.886Z]	<yancy>	... the other challenge is people don't read
[2019-10-15T16:48:11.774Z]	<yancy>	... devs copying and pasting instead of reading
[2019-10-15T16:48:25.433Z]	<yancy>	... a volume of code is cargo cult code
[2019-10-15T16:48:38.734Z]	<yancy>	... and not because of curious issue but a time issue
[2019-10-15T16:48:48.843Z]	<manu>	https://w3c.github.io/vc-data-model/#contexts
[2019-10-15T16:48:51.713Z]	<yancy>	... so it's not possible to undeerstand in deptch
[2019-10-15T16:49:21.728Z]	<yancy>	... it's problem when I understand enough then I need to under stand
[2019-10-15T16:49:35.904Z]	<manu>	https://w3c.github.io/vc-data-model/#contexts
[2019-10-15T16:49:42.739Z]	<yancy>	... once you hit the point there's next to no guidance
[2019-10-15T16:49:51.213Z]	<manu>	https://w3c.github.io/vc-imp-guide/#extensions
[2019-10-15T16:49:56.834Z]	<yancy>	... you don't need to learn everything about linked data
[2019-10-15T16:50:11.153Z]	<yancy>	... there's also a discussion about how to extend
[2019-10-15T16:50:21.555Z]	<yancy>	... we do need to add to the guidance
[2019-10-15T16:50:34.053Z]	<yancy>	... I'm at a loss for which readme to put it in
[2019-10-15T16:50:39.253Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2019-10-15T16:50:42.853Z]	<yancy>	... I really wish this was at that entry point
[2019-10-15T16:50:47.713Z]	<yancy>	... that's just a suggestion
[2019-10-15T16:50:58.060Z]	<Orie>	for sure the did-spec readme, not sure about VC...
[2019-10-15T16:51:08.602Z]	<yancy>	... lets try to do a quick win and not get togher a write a book
[2019-10-15T16:51:28.725Z]	<yancy>	kimhd:  something that was mentioned is that this would be good feedback from jsonld wg
[2019-10-15T16:51:56.641Z]	<yancy>	... so part of having the successful community
[2019-10-15T16:52:00.467Z]	<manu>	yes, +1 -- to put it to JSON-LD WG... and +1  to scalable, successful community -- we need /other/ volunteers... not the usual suspects, new folks willing to carry the torch forward.
[2019-10-15T16:52:10.916Z]	<dlongley>	+1
[2019-10-15T16:52:54.073Z]	<yancy>	... feels like we could do more to aggregate
[2019-10-15T16:52:56.452Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-10-15T16:53:01.139Z]	<kimhd>	ack kimhd
[2019-10-15T16:53:16.840Z]	<Orie>	I've added some comments for the did-wg here: https://github.com/w3c/did-spec/issues/5
[2019-10-15T16:53:27.613Z]	<yancy>	... Thanks Orie and Manu!
[2019-10-15T16:53:31.815Z]	<Orie>	:)
[2019-10-15T16:53:34.967Z]	<manu>	thanks Orie ! :)
[2019-10-15T16:53:59.905Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2019-10-15T16:53:59.905Z]	<kimhd> present+ ahripak, bigbluehat, ChristopherA, chriswinc, daniel, dlehn, dlongley, dmitriz, fr33domlover, gannan, Gargron, identitywoman, jake, JoeAndrieu, joel, jungly, Justin_R, kimhd, manu, markus_sabadello, Orie, rhiaro, Shivam_sethi, stonematt, TallTed, Tom, weiler, yancy
[2019-10-15T16:54:04.884Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2019-10-15T16:54:09.584Z]	<manu>	voiP; disconnect b18
[2019-10-15T16:54:19.210Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect b18
[2019-10-15T16:54:23.607Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect b33
[2019-10-15T16:54:25.592Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect b38
