[Tue 11:06:59] <manu>	scribe: Mark
[Tue 11:07:04] <voip-cr>	14057083343 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000000d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:06] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Apr/0004.html
[Tue 11:07:33] *	KerriLemoie (46bcb31d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.70.188.179.29) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:07:34] *	elf-pavlik didn't find time to fix this SIP issue yesterday, today IRC only!
[Tue 11:07:48] <Mark>	Recap of executive summary, bulk of call will be discussing Use Cases proposal and Vocabulary discussion from yesterday.  Anything else for agenda?
[Tue 11:08:01] <Mark>	No additional items.
[Tue 11:07:49] *	manu hi bshambaugh 
[Tue 11:07:58] <manu>	Topic: Executive Summary
[Tue 11:08:03] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Nq543-Am1hQUIZ2hhzAFl8KexvIEBwDDc_f3Ikz1opQ/edit
[Tue 11:09:16] <Mark>	Manu: Exec summary document - not much changed since last invitation from Manu.  Added a statement on Accessibility, and is required by W3C.    We will start circulating very soon.
[Tue 11:09:54] <Mark>	Manu: Any concerns about the Executive Summary or the proposal to circulate it among W3C memberships.
[Tue 11:10:35] <elf-pavlik>	when we will have  [LINK TO SUPPORT FORM] available?
[Tue 11:10:40] <Mark>	Brent: What about Accessibility?  
[Tue 11:10:40] <Mark>	Manu: the statement says the standard must take Accessibility into account, not to prevent the use of the technology by people with disabilities.
[Tue 11:11:51] <Mark>	Brent: Is that related to Linked Data?  
[Tue 11:11:51] <Mark>	Manu: for LD, it would indicate that brail support must be available.    This comes out in the Use Cases, for example to demonstrate how a person that cannot see can receive and have access to that credential. For example, we couldn't say use of Biometric Fingerprints is required.  
[Tue 11:11:51] <Mark>	Brent: ok,
[Tue 11:13:53] <Mark>	Dave: I have been adding comments about useabilty to describe suitiability.
[Tue 11:14:24] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-00000012] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:14:55] <voip-cr>	16617480240 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000013] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:15:08] <Mark>	Manu: Wondering if the word suitability is known, Dave: i tried to elaborate;  Brent: Where would gym membership or a marriage license fit?  Dave: Under workplace, or civil society or identity.
[Tue 11:15:27] <Mark>	Manu: we won't cover everything in the summary, just a range of the types of things.
[Tue 11:15:30] <manu>	voip: 13 is Kerri
[Tue 11:15:30] <voip-cr>	Associated Kerri with SIP/69.71.222.196-00000013.
[Tue 11:16:30] <Mark>	Manu: other comments on Exec summary?  Elf: When will we have a support form for people to support the work?
[Tue 11:17:05] <Mark>	Manu: We need to create links to the support form, the charter, and the use cases.  When they are done we will circulate Exec Summary.
[Tue 11:17:47] <Mark>	Manu: the use cases will take a couple more weeks to get done. But we can circulate this with orgs we have a good relationship with to give them a heads up.
[Tue 11:18:18] <Mark>	Manu: Elf, we need to fill out the support links before broad distribution.  Manu: I will take the links.
[Tue 11:18:45] <elf-pavlik>	thanks Manu!
[Tue 11:19:28] <Mark>	Adrian: Would we consider the use cases for ownership as important in this work?  As opposed to asserting a skill or age.  e.g. I own a page, .  Manu: You have raised an important point.  We have not been explicit,
[Tue 11:20:17] <Mark>	Adrian: Generally people express ownership by holding a key but agents may hold the key on their behalf.  Even traditional bank accounts or self trading...Manu: would you add?   Adrian: Yes.
[Tue 11:20:25] <manu>	Topic: Use Cases
[Tue 11:20:44] <Mark>	Manu: next topic - Use cases.  Last document needed to "get into shape".
[Tue 11:20:46] <manu>	Current use cases document is here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1f2U97L5vrFHOActRFVSRDg3koTeA6_Oy3SCGmkimziM/edit
[Tue 11:21:23] *	NateOtto (~textual@c-71-237-170-49.hsd1.or.comcast.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:21:26] <manu>	Proposed micro-use case based approach: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GySrTXAYpwa4vDPsGE3BMA42FwIAqAyLGigKuKUTGks/edit
[Tue 11:21:41] <Mark>	Manu: Sunny, Carie and Nate have been working on this, reorganizing.  Thank you.  Last week I proposed a micro-use case approach.  It's the same as being used by Web Payments user group.  It made our progress faster.
[Tue 11:21:44] <elf-pavlik>	In "Credential or just a Statement?" I try to exercise view that we can pretty much make Credential out of any set of LD statements, so as long as one can create linked data for ownership, marriage, you name it it can also become a Credential.  https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Mar/0007.html
[Tue 11:22:48] <Mark>	Manu: Here is a link to the example.  Please look at the Table of Contents for the proposed document structure.  Starts with high level introduction, what is a credential, why is it important, how are they used...
[Tue 11:23:21] <victoriano>	I wanted to say, that I have perused the micro-usecases documents and really like the approach
[Tue 11:23:55] <voip-cr>	NateOtto [SIP/192.168.1.106-00000014] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:24:10] <Mark>	Manu: description of the problem, etc.  Next is a high level introduction to the Live Cycle of a credential, the phased-based approach. What are the phases of what you do.  With credentials it did not work out very well. More straightforward with web payments.
[Tue 11:25:07] <NateOtto>	Sorry all, just joining now. Yeah, I think we noticed with the previous approach that the "phases" overlapped more with credentials than they did with something like commerce.
[Tue 11:25:51] <Mark>	Manu: Instead of phase-base approach, I tried a LIfe Cycle, the issuing/earning aspect of it.  e.g. we have these credentials you can earn, then you can earn and the issuer issues it.  The next stage is when an organizations asks for the credential, the Consumption part.
[Tue 11:26:25] <Mark>	Manu: this is my attempt to demonstrate how we can talk about credentials based on a life cycle, with predefined steps and substeps.
[Tue 11:27:27] <Mark>	Manu: e.g. first step an issuer advertises,  recipient earns, issuer issues, organization consumes... let me stop there.  Is this the right way to look at this?  Any comments?
[Tue 11:27:29] <NateOtto>	How can we convey when steps might be skipped in this format?
[Tue 11:28:30] <Mark>	Dave: Quick comment, looking at the payments document, there is only one thing to model, the payment transaction.  I think we have the same with credentials but we have multiple boxes, each step breaks down into multiple phases.  There are more things to be modeled.
[Tue 11:28:43] <bshambaugh>	q+
[Tue 11:29:10] <Mark>	Dave: If you look at each step as we do with the payment transaction, we have more steps to document.
[Tue 11:30:56] <Mark>	Manu: elf asked a question (above).  Dave: we will cover that.  Victoriano: I like the approach.  Nate: how to convey when steps can be skipped?  Manu:  There is a section "in the real world", in those scenarios we specifically write the step and say "this step is skipped".
[Tue 11:32:41] <Mark>	Brent: From the UC's it looks like you are trying to standardize the protocol.  Manu: in general, W3C focuses on prototcols and data formats.  Lower level protocols, the W3C will move the protocol to the IETF.  Your observation is right.  We are talking about protocol and data formats.
[Tue 11:33:45] <Mark>	Brent: do you have an ontology?  Manu: that is what Nate, Sunny, Kerri are working on.   Yes, we are looking at Open Badges and Credentials ontology.  Brent: the use cases are how you use that in a way.
[Tue 11:34:23] <KerriLemoie>	Breaking it down in this format is nice and clear. Slight concern about calling referencing it as lifecycle. Not sure of a replacement term....
[Tue 11:34:28] <Mark>	Manu: the UC's should be generic, not talk about specific technologies.  More what world we want to see.  The WG's develop the technologies to meet the requirements.
[Tue 11:34:53] <elf-pavlik>	we have vocab topic at the end of today's agenda, I hope dlongley and NateOtto can also summarize our yesterday call
[Tue 11:35:40] *	elf-pavlik re Brent's question about ontology
[Tue 11:35:41] <Mark>	Manu: Any other questions?  Kerri: concerns about the term Life Cycle, Manu: Agree, if we can think of a better term.   Dave: Agree, it indicates credentials may expire.  I think we can use the phase terminology but we need a word for what sits above phases.
[Tue 11:36:16] <Mark>	Dave: We have multiple questions, how to you issue, how do you consume,  we just need a high level term above phases.
[Tue 11:36:24] <NateOtto>	q+
[Tue 11:37:05] <manu>	q+
[Tue 11:37:30] <Mark>	Manu: Agreed.  Any other thoughts?  Nate: In the  Consuming phase I left a comment, not all credential sharing will share in that work.  Maybe we can write a dedicated phase for special cases.  or we can substitute steps as opposed to leaving one out.
[Tue 11:38:33] <Mark>	Manu: the structure still needs work, this is a first pass.  I agree with you Nate.  Especially the consuming case, middle of p3.  Starts with credential consumer request.  Maybe we skip the first step and recipient pushes the credential.
[Tue 11:39:32] <SLee>	sort of feels like we're doing use cases all over again from scratch...
[Tue 11:39:57] <Mark>	Manu: We can handle this different ways.  In the payment group we tried this but there are 30-40 different flows, we couild approach this, 10-15 flows at least.  I think the right approach is phases/steps with some steps that can be skipped.  We won't know without trying more.  Nate agree?
[Tue 11:40:22] <Mark>	Nate: I think it is a matter of massaging the format, providing alternate  flows.
[Tue 11:40:55] <victoriano>	q+
[Tue 11:41:06] <Mark>	Nate: Did you look at the old document?  Manu: Yes, I copy/pasted and the portions will just go into different places.  Sunny are you on audio? :
[Tue 11:41:32] <Mark>	Sunny: unintelligible
[Tue 11:42:24] <SLee>	that's correct, i'm definitely open to the micro use case approach though
[Tue 11:42:27] <SLee>	just throwing caution out there
[Tue 11:42:32] <Mark>	Manu: I heard it feels like we doing UC all over again from scratch, that we are trying to fit into payments model rather than something that fits the Credentials work.  Manu: Sunny is that right?  Sunny: Yes
[Tue 11:43:43] <Mark>	Manu: Very valid points Sunny.  This is an experimental document, not decided by the group.   To address some of your concerns, we will use 80% of content from previous document.   I don't think we will lose the hard work from the original document.
[Tue 11:44:37] <Mark>	Manu: if we do lose content and it is redundant, that is a good thing.  Or if we lose things we need that will be bad and indicate we don't have the structure right yet.  If we can save the work from the other document we should be in pretty good shape.
[Tue 11:44:41] <SLee>	sounds good.
[Tue 11:44:58] <NateOtto>	Manu, can you summarize why you think this format is better in one sentence? Is it designed to appeal to a particular type of user at the W3C, for instance?
[Tue 11:45:53] <Mark>	Manu: other thoughts?  Should we stay with the current UC document?  Dave: I am in favor of reorganizing, makes it easier to use and organize.  We can call it a Credential Framework/with Operations and Phases.
[Tue 11:46:19] <Adrian_>	+1 for the doc and calling it a framework with operations and phases
[Tue 11:46:24] <Mark>	Manu: I see you have made edits to the documents.  Dave: yes to show how we can model it.
[Tue 11:46:56] <victoriano>	+1 to the doc and operations and phases, I do not know why but framework does string a chord with me
[Tue 11:47:08] <NateOtto>	+1 to "operations", which feels like it's at the right scale to have 4-5 steps.
[Tue 11:48:16] <Mark>	Manu: We stopped at the high level intro.  Sunny I hope this speaks to your concerns.  If you look at p1, a simple example of a credential.  The idea is to start with intro, basic framework, a simple example.  e.g. recipient receives and stores. Organization consumes, to ground how these phases work in the real world. Just one example.  Then we talk about the framework in detail, this is where the UC's come in.
[Tue 11:48:25] <victoriano>	may be stupid but it came to my mind: "credential minting process" with operations and steps?
[Tue 11:48:28] <manu>	Example of framework detailed micro-use case: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GySrTXAYpwa4vDPsGE3BMA42FwIAqAyLGigKuKUTGks/edit#heading=h.1vcapgo841v6
[Tue 11:48:32] <Mark>	Manu: Look at the link in IRC.
[Tue 11:49:30] <dlongley>	to me, "credential minting process" only seems to cover the issuing of credentials, not their consumption (to go with the analogy, minting a currency doesn't really include actually using it to exchange for goods/serviecs)
[Tue 11:49:38] <Mark>	Manu: this is the first "micro use case", composed of fairly simple, broad category, specify the motivation.  Look at bottom of p4, where recipient earns credential.  Bottom of p6, top of p5.  For example micro use case Testing.
[Tue 11:49:47] <Mark>	Manu: example Sally takes a GRE.
[Tue 11:49:47] <victoriano>	agreed, that's why I said "might be stupid"
[Tue 11:49:51] <dlongley>	:)
[Tue 11:50:50] <Mark>	Manu: easy for people to grasp.  Top of p5, you can earn a credential by an action, .eg attended a conference, a real world action.  At its elemental level, these micro uc's are supposed to be very simple.
[Tue 11:52:18] <Mark>	Manu: Can be verbose as well, bottom of p5, a claims micro-use case.  Issuer can make a veriety of claims against a recipient, online course, driver's license, examples. But rest of the format stays the same, p5 point out security implications to verify who they are. Privacy implications, we must protect PII.
[Tue 11:53:03] <Mark>	Manu: this is an example of a verbose micro-use case. All this text came from the current document.  My hope is all UC's will migrate over.  Sunny, will that address your concern?
[Tue 11:53:23] <Mark>	Sunny: Yes.   
[Tue 11:53:23] <Mark>	Manu: OK
[Tue 11:54:28] <SLee>	sounds good
[Tue 11:54:35] <Mark>	Manu: only 7 minutes left.  Can we put this on hold unless anyone disagrees.  We will try to move all content into this experimental one to test it and we will discuss next week and if all are ok we can move on..
[Tue 11:54:49] <elf-pavlik>	+1
[Tue 11:54:54] <victoriano>	+1
[Tue 11:55:00] <KerriLemoie>	+1
[Tue 11:55:03] <Mark>	Manu: any last comments?  <None>.   Thank you Sunny, Kerri and Nate for your efforts.
[Tue 11:54:59] <manu>	Topic: Credentials/Badges Vocabulary Update
[Tue 11:55:21] <NateOtto>	Sorry I missed the top of the call -- I've drafted up a v1 badges context https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ottonomy/openbadges-specification/badges-context-separation/v1/context.json that incorporates some existing terms in a legacy context that is at the URL desired to be used for the badges context
[Tue 11:55:31] <Mark>	Manu: OK regarding the Vocabulary documents, Nate or Dave can you update us?
[Tue 11:55:32] <NateOtto>	Go ahead, Dave
[Tue 11:55:38] <dlongley>	<elf-pavlik> In "Credential or just a Statement?" I try to exercise view that we can pretty much make Credential out of any set of LD statements, so as long as one can create linked data for ownership, marriage, you name it it can also become a Credential.  https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Mar/0007.html
[Tue 11:55:40] <NateOtto>	Yes, but I reiterated in text.
[Tue 11:55:41] <NateOtto>	:)
[Tue 11:56:18] *	elf-pavlik dlongley in case you summarize our yesterday's call, could you mention that credentials easily act as hosted and signed at the same time, most like issuer can sign hosted credential and we could look at working in similar way hosted endorsements as well
[Tue 11:56:35] <Mark>	Dave: Pasted in IRC comment from elf earlier.  elf had modeled to confirm it would work well with Open Badges 2.0,   Credentials are digitally signed and suitable for some purpose.  Very generic, any domain specific areas can use their own vocabular.
[Tue 11:56:41] *	elf-pavlik signe hosted credential afterwards
[Tue 11:57:10] <elf-pavlik>	https://gist.github.com/elf-pavlik/029917ccc535e889f693
[Tue 11:57:24] <Mark>	Dave: elf modeled it using the identity credentials spec.  It modeled well, could be used in a hosted way or ...way.   Can add a signature later, add a revocation date and resign.
[Tue 11:57:38] *	manu 's ears bleed.
[Tue 11:57:50] *	manu (due to the feedback, not due to anything anyone said) :P
[Tue 11:58:10] *	elf-pavlik i thought you really don't like hosted aspect of credential ;)
[Tue 11:58:39] <Mark>	Nate: Quick question, re: signed linked data.  If something is revoked and needs to be resigned, should the current version be fetchable in addition to the old version.  Dave: you would expect the new version to be what is retrieved.
[Tue 11:59:36] <NateOtto>	The draft context https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ottonomy/openbadges-specification/badges-context-separation/v1/context.json will actually push off the legacy terms to a separate, linked, clearly-marked legacy context, where humans can totally tell it's legacy/deprecated, but it's equivalent to computers.
[Tue 11:59:49] <Mark>	Nate: we are thinking about the very best way to model achievement data into the linked data form, aligned with the credentials spec.  Dave: elf has shown the importance of decentralized approach, not a rigid set of rules.
[Tue 12:00:13] <NateOtto>	Dave is talking about the gist elf-pavlik posted: https://gist.github.com/elf-pavlik/029917ccc535e889f693 Modeling a signed University Degree (a defined achievement)
[Tue 12:00:36] <Mark>	Dave: for example a University degree, signed and reused as a credential. General idea, keep modeled data true to it's original form but keep it general enough to mark up as a credential.
[Tue 12:00:52] <elf-pavlik>	please also look at revisions where i start from EXAMPLE5 from current vocabulary draft https://gist.github.com/elf-pavlik/029917ccc535e889f693/revisions
[Tue 12:01:07] <Mark>	Manu: do we need to change any direction in this group?  Dave: we think the model we are using can work well.
[Tue 12:02:16] <Mark>	Nate: one action is to confirm our current approach to the Context File.  Dave: we need to find a time to test on ...systems, my recommendation is to use the other URL and then switch it back once we confirmed it works.
[Tue 12:02:56] <elf-pavlik>	oh, we can use rawgit.com to server context directly from github repos e.g. http://tinyurl.com/ndzsvuv
[Tue 12:03:06] <Mark>	Nate: more than a week?  Dave: Yes, Manu: ASU-GSV this week.  Nate: Keep me updated.  Manu: we don't want to kill and important demo, but will try ASAP.
[Tue 12:04:31] <Mark>	Manu: Nate was your read same as Dave's.  Nate: we confirmed the current approach will work well.  The Badges spec for example, not all will follow the credentials spec.  I think it will work just fine to have the recipient be a different email address then the organization's IRI.
[Tue 12:05:04] <Mark>	Dave: One other thing, elf will throw together some temporary context in GIT to figure out what we want to do.
[Tue 12:05:39] <SLee>	thanks!
[Tue 12:05:42] <voip-cr>	Adrian [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000006] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:05:42] <elf-pavlik>	NateOtto, we can look together tomorrow/thursday how much of terms from OpenBadges2.0 you can already reuse in 1.1
[Tue 12:05:42] <voip-cr>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000007] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:05:43] <voip-cr>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000005] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:05:45] <KerriLemoie>	Thank you!
[Tue 12:05:45] <voip-cr>	Sunny [SIP/104.173.54.237-00000009] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:05:46] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-00000012] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:05:49] *	SLee has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 12:05:53] <Mark>	Manu: Anything else we need to discuss before the next call?  We will try to make progress on the experimental UC document and try to test out with Nate asap.
[Tue 12:06:04] *	Adrian_ has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 12:06:04] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:06:04] <voip-cr>	Conference participants are: Mark [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000004], 14057083343 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000000d], Kerri [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000013], NateOtto [SIP/192.168.1.106-00000014].
[Tue 12:06:09] <Mark>	Manu: Meeting ended.  Talk next Tuesday.
[Tue 12:06:09] <Mark>	Present+ dlehn
