[Tue 11:04:24] <burn>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Mar/0005.html
[Tue 11:04:39] <voip-vctf>	15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000295] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:29] <manu>	scribe: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:05:29] <manu>	Date: 2017-03-14 
[Tue 11:05:45] <burn>	voip: 295 is Christopher_Allen
[Tue 11:05:45] <voip-vctf>	Associated Christopher_Allen with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000295.
[Tue 11:06:02] <burn>	Any changes to agenda? ... none.
[Tue 11:05:59] <burn>	Topic: Agenda review and Introductions
[Tue 11:06:12] <burn>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Mar/0005.html
[Tue 11:06:13] *	ChristopherA (~ChristopherA@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:06:14] *	MattLarson (~MattLarson@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:06:19] <voip-vctf>	15152298984 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000296] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:38] <burn>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Mar/0005.html
[Tue 11:07:08] <burn>	voip: 296 is RichardVarn
[Tue 11:07:08] <voip-vctf>	Associated RichardVarn with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000296.
[Tue 11:07:12] *	ottonomy (~ottonomy@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:07:23] <manu>	voip: 297 is MattLarson
[Tue 11:07:23] <voip-vctf>	Associated MattLarson with SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000297.
[Tue 11:07:55] *	erok210 (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:08:25] <JoeAndrieu>	Bohan: I'm a product manager at at Evernym and will be joining the calls on a regular basis from now on.
[Tue 11:08:56] <stonematt>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:08:56] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000283], JoeAndrieu [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000286], Rob Trainer [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000028a], nage [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000028b], Adam Lake [SIP/66.37.85.201-0000028f], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.3-00000291], Bohan [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000290], Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000292], Angus [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000293], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000294], Christopher_Allen
[Tue 11:08:56] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-00000295], RichardVarn [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000296], MattLarson [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000297].
[Tue 11:09:11] <voip-vctf>	14256520150 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000298] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:15] <JoeAndrieu>	Angus: Hi, I'm Angus and I lead Blockchain Strategy for Finance at Ernst & Young. Good to be here.
[Tue 11:09:24] <ChristopherA>	Welcome Angus!
[Tue 11:09:31] <Bohan>	Welcome Angus
[Tue 11:10:03] <manu>	Awesome to see you here, Angus, welcome!
[Tue 11:10:14] <stonematt>	voip: 298 is kimD
[Tue 11:10:15] <voip-vctf>	Associated kimD with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000298.
[Tue 11:12:26] <Angus>	Thank you all!
[Tue 11:10:21] <burn>	Topic: Status of Verifiable Claims WG Creation
[Tue 11:10:26] <stonematt>	voip: 298 is Kim
[Tue 11:10:26] <voip-vctf>	Associated Kim with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000298.
[Tue 11:10:35] <voip-vctf>	15413668863 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000299] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:41] <manu>	q+ to provide status on VCWG creation as well.
[Tue 11:10:42] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:10:45] <ottonomy>	voip: 0299 is ottonomy
[Tue 11:10:45] <voip-vctf>	Associated ottonomy with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000299.
[Tue 11:10:52] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:10:52] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:10:57] <voip-vctf>	19087694252 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029a] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:11:22] <ottonomy>	voip: 29a is erok210
[Tue 11:11:22] <manu>	voip: 29a is EricKorb
[Tue 11:11:22] <voip-vctf>	Associated erok210 with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029a.
[Tue 11:11:22] <voip-vctf>	Associated EricKorb with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029a.
[Tue 11:12:12] <JoeAndrieu>	stonematt: a few tweaks suggested to charter. Recognition that there is high interest. Some push back around privacy. Discussion about scope.
[Tue 11:13:13] <JoeAndrieu>	stonematt: payments, educations, multi/other. as potential frames of attention for the effort.
[Tue 11:13:22] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:13:22] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to provide status on VCWG creation as well.).
[Tue 11:13:30] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:13:30] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:14:17] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: please speak up if payments is important (in charter process)
[Tue 11:14:43] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:14:43] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:15:12] <burn>	Topic: No meeting on 3/28 (reminder)
[Tue 11:15:45] *	burn RichardVarn is speaking
[Tue 11:16:22] <JoeAndrieu>	Varn: we started in payments, so we'll be sending something in, in support. Important that it's kept in the charter.
[Tue 11:16:32] <burn>	Topic: DO_NOT_CORRELATE flag discussion
[Tue 11:16:42] <manu>	q+
[Tue 11:16:42] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:16:48] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:16:48] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:16:52] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:16:53] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:16:54] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 11:16:54] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: manu, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:16:55] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:16:55] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor.
[Tue 11:17:01] <Bohan>	q+
[Tue 11:17:01] <voip-vctf>	Bohan has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu, Bohan
[Tue 11:17:12] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues/41
[Tue 11:17:22] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:17:22] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu, Bohan
[Tue 11:18:05] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: much of the criticism to-date is focused on privacy, resulting in a lot of recent focus on privacy.
[Tue 11:18:52] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: at the data model there is no way to say "do not correlate" or only use data for this purpose
[Tue 11:18:54] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:18:54] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu, Bohan
[Tue 11:19:01] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: sometimes this is called consent receipts
[Tue 11:19:24] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: need to express that the individual requests non-correlation.
[Tue 11:19:46] <burn>	q+ to ask about how we avoid opening a pit
[Tue 11:19:47] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu, Bohan, burn
[Tue 11:19:48] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: this is a flag. it isn't inherently enforceable. that is up to local jurisdictions.
[Tue 11:20:21] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: need to be able to say "I don't want my information to be used outside the system"
[Tue 11:20:42] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: need to counter the confusion around our commitment to privacy
[Tue 11:20:43] <burn>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:20:43] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 11:21:00] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:21:00] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: Bohan, burn, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:21:02] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: Manu, I appreciate how you framed that, especially some of the "purpose binding" things you raised.
[Tue 11:21:38] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: My concern with the name of the flag is that the word "correlate" is very vague. Sometimes, correlating information with itself ... like "i'm 6 feet tall, but don't correlate that with me", doesn't make sense.
[Tue 11:21:50] <burn>	ack Bohan
[Tue 11:21:50] <voip-vctf>	Bohan has the floor.
[Tue 11:21:52] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: How do we do purpose binding? THat's how GDPR and EU is thinking about it.
[Tue 11:21:57] <burn>	q-
[Tue 11:21:57] <voip-vctf>	burn has been removed from the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:22:27] <burn>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:22:27] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:22:39] <JoeAndrieu>	Bohan: without having consequences attached, but perhaps revocation and pairwise identifiers could help prevent correlation from the start
[Tue 11:22:47] <manu>	q+ to ask more about pairwise identifiers (definition)
[Tue 11:22:47] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:23:00] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:23:00] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:23:29] <JoeAndrieu>	christophera: perhaps folding in anti-correlation approaches, such as UProve and others. Perhaps we could reverse it, to say "this is correlatable"
[Tue 11:23:54] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:23:54] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to ask more about pairwise identifiers (definition)).
[Tue 11:23:58] <JoeAndrieu>	christophera: Also renaming it might work. Purpose binding might not be the right thing however.
[Tue 11:24:04] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:24:04] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:25:04] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: perhaps anti-correlation is a poor phrase. perhaps the flip is good. The problem is we are always emitting data. General agreement with comments.
[Tue 11:25:21] <ottonomy>	"Do not correlate" would mesh better with previous initiatives like Do Not Track that have some support in legal jurisdictions than the reverse "Please feel free to correlate me".
[Tue 11:25:25] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:25:25] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:25:25] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: Pair-wise identifiers? What do you mean, Sean?
[Tue 11:26:00] *	burn didn't catch who is speaking
[Tue 11:26:03] <manu>	q+ to ask about "what happens when anti-correlation technologies fail?" - skeptical of solutions
[Tue 11:26:03] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:26:07] *	manu Nathan is speaking
[Tue 11:26:17] *	burn thanks manu
[Tue 11:26:18] <JoeAndrieu>	nage: an identifier is created for both sides in the relationship
[Tue 11:26:25] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:26:25] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:26:51] <JoeAndrieu>	nage: you could correlate, but it would leave both sides with clarity about whether or not correlation is intended and intentional
[Tue 11:27:10] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:27:10] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to ask about "what happens when anti-correlation technologies fail?" - skeptical of solutions).
[Tue 11:27:12] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:27:12] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:27:49] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: there isn't a singular technical solution for this.
[Tue 11:27:55] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:27:55] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:27:57] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: there's just so much data we are sending out
[Tue 11:28:09] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 11:28:09] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:28:26] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: fairly easy for people to collude, e.g., advertising networks
[Tue 11:29:17] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: that doesn't mean we shouldn't work on it, but is the flag the back up to enable this?
[Tue 11:29:52] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: privacy loss happens when privacy expectations aren't met (quoting Joe from github)
[Tue 11:30:24] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: being able to be explicit may help. multiple protections. Defense in depth.
[Tue 11:30:53] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: when we apply those approaches together you may have better results than later
[Tue 11:31:05] <burn>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:31:05] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:31:07] <JoeAndrieu>	... (than otherwise)
[Tue 11:31:14] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:31:14] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:31:47] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: no problem referring to a document that specifies applicable terms of use
[Tue 11:32:03] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: that may be sufficient as a hammer
[Tue 11:32:26] <burn>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:32:26] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 11:32:28] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: if its out of scope of the protocol, I'd rather have it as a reference
[Tue 11:32:58] <ChristopherA>	BTW, the Bitcoin LIghtning Network uses Tor by default.
[Tue 11:33:07] <ChristopherA>	It is a payment network.
[Tue 11:33:10] <burn>	yes, this can give a false sense of security
[Tue 11:33:13] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: I like that you've brought up advertising network, we could tag a claim that we share, it needs to be in a verifiable claim. Feels like a false positive. I like CHristopher's proposal, link to terms of use.
[Tue 11:33:26] <manu>	q+ to note how we can link to terms of use.
[Tue 11:33:26] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:33:33] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:33:33] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note how we can link to terms of use.).
[Tue 11:34:46] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: we could have something like a creative commons for privacy. we have a link friendly data model. so that seems like the foundation for a good proposal, linking to a terms of use
[Tue 11:35:17] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: first line of defense is technical, but the linked terms of use could be the back up
[Tue 11:35:33] <manu>	ACTION: Manu to put together proposal for anti-correlation technique for VC Data Model.
[Tue 11:35:40] <burn>	Topic: WoT use case
[Tue 11:35:51] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:35:52] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:36:00] <burn>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:36:00] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:36:17] <voip-vctf>	12066188530 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:36:50] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: two issues on this topic. The "story" document. The use case story of a child of refugees who wishes to participate without risking family.
[Tue 11:37:14] *	drummond (~drummond@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:37:43] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: The story is to drive the PGP use case: what are the specific peer-to-peer minimum capabilities to replace PGP
[Tue 11:37:47] <manu>	voip: 29b is Drummond
[Tue 11:37:47] <voip-vctf>	Associated Drummond with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029b.
[Tue 11:37:52] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:37:52] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:38:21] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: Things like "trust on first use", where a verifiable claim could be useful. These are low hanging fruit
[Tue 11:38:47] <manu>	q+ to note meeting on this and RWoT
[Tue 11:38:47] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:39:03] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:39:03] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note meeting on this and RWoT).
[Tue 11:39:34] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: Christopher, Joe, Adam, Nathan and I had a call last week about a demo at RWOT IV that demonstrates progress on shipping code
[Tue 11:39:44] <ChristopherA>	The story in use cases: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-use-cases/issues/31
[Tue 11:40:27] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: the WoT use case was discussed as a demo, specifically the PGP "I am a person" and countersigned by others
[Tue 11:40:36] <ChristopherA>	The data format for Web of Trust: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues/32
[Tue 11:41:03] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: going to try to get something by April
[Tue 11:41:22] *	burn suspects it will take all of 30 seconds before individuals start affirming that companies are individuals
[Tue 11:41:29] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:41:29] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:41:46] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: PGP is fairly geeky. people who use it understand the underlying tech.
[Tue 11:42:29] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: this population commonly uses GitHub, so maybe we can use it to start digitally attest using that identity namespace using verifiable claims
[Tue 11:42:44] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:42:44] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:42:47] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-0000029c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:42:47] <ChristopherA>	This also demonstrates the peer oriented of verifiable claims.
[Tue 11:43:00] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:43:00] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:43:33] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: next steps, try to show something at RWoT IV
[Tue 11:44:08] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: this use case would demonstrate the commitment by our group that anyone can be a peer
[Tue 11:44:51] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: Are there examples in education? Like "I was in a class with that person" Rather than a one-way claim.
[Tue 11:45:09] <burn>	Topic: Action Item Review (https://goo.gl/V4XTBT)
[Tue 11:46:18] <JoeAndrieu>	Kim: hoping to make a pass at that, this week
[Tue 11:46:57] <JoeAndrieu>	burn: Chairs are in contact. It's an ongoing process
[Tue 11:47:37] <Bohan>	+1 for JoeA
[Tue 11:47:41] <JoeAndrieu>	JoeAndrieu: I've unzipped the file!
[Tue 11:48:11] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: spoken with uPort. They are interested.
[Tue 11:48:35] <burn>	Topic: Suggestions for next week agenda
[Tue 11:48:46] <manu>	q+ to note upcoming talks
[Tue 11:48:47] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:48:58] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:48:58] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note upcoming talks).
[Tue 11:49:21] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: it's conference season.
[Tue 11:50:24] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: let's get these different venues in the conversation.
[Tue 11:50:46] <JoeAndrieu>	manu: if you'd like to run your slide decks by the group, that'd be great to discuss in the group
[Tue 11:50:55] <drummond>	The number of conferences coming up this spring is INSANE
[Tue 11:51:00] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:51:00] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:51:08] <manu>	It is INSANE! :)
[Tue 11:51:12] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 11:51:12] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:51:24] <burn>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:51:25] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:51:41] <drummond>	I do like the idea of sharing decks so we can take advantage of seeing the best ways of explaining VC
[Tue 11:52:08] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: There are multiple conferences going on. Would love to meet up with anyone at these conferences. But they are also going to add a challenge to participating in the calls.
[Tue 11:52:08] <burn>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:52:09] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 11:52:30] <voip-vctf>	17278084918 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:52:35] <dezell>	voip: 029d is me
[Tue 11:52:35] <voip-vctf>	Associated dezell with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029d.
[Tue 11:52:44] *	rob_trainer has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:53:15] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: With regard to the Joram demo feedback, time is the issue now...
[Tue 11:53:26] <JoeAndrieu>	JoeAndrieu: any further items about the Joram demo?
[Tue 11:53:28] <manu>	Manu: Yes, will try to read and provide feedback.
[Tue 11:54:03] <JoeAndrieu>	ChristopherA: Would like to see it published by RWoT IV
[Tue 11:54:07] <JoeAndrieu>	JoeA: Me too.
[Tue 11:54:07] <JoeAndrieu>	Present+ kellogg, lehn, burn, andrieu, trainer, bohan, stone, christophera, varn, larson, duffy, otto, korb, reed, ezell, lake

