[Tue 11:01:47] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Dec/0027.html
[Tue 11:01:47] <manu>	chair: burn
[Tue 11:01:53] *	manu jonnycrunch ^^^
[Tue 11:01:59] *	Richard_Varn (~Richard_Varn@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:02:02] <Richard_Varn>	joining
[Tue 11:02:33] *	gkellogg we should probably set a chat topic with the Agenda
[Tue 11:02:47] *	manu has changed the topic to: Agenda for December 20th, 2016: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Dec/0027.html
[Tue 11:03:02] <manu>	scribe: stonematt 
[Tue 11:03:03] <stonematt>	scribe: stonematt
[Tue 11:03:05] *	Guest (~textual@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:03:06] *	manu :)
[Tue 11:03:15] *	nage (~nathan.george@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:03:20] <stonematt>	Topic: Introduction to Pari, from Intuit
[Tue 11:03:23] <voip-vctf>	nage [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000029b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:03:26] <voip-vctf>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-0000029c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:03:43] <voip-vctf>	15413668863 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:03:48] *	Guest is now known as NateOtto
[Tue 11:03:49] <manu>	q+
[Tue 11:03:49] <stonematt>	Pari: I'm an engineer from Intuit. We are currently working on a project w/ blockchains and identity. mostly here to listen and learn.
[Tue 11:03:49] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:03:59] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:03:59] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:04:01] <NateOtto>	voip:0029 is NateOtto
[Tue 11:04:01] <voip-vctf>	Unknown command: is NateOtto
[Tue 11:04:08] <manu>	voip: 0029 is NateOtto
[Tue 11:04:08] <voip-vctf>	Failed to associate "0029"; unrecognized channel.
[Tue 11:04:13] <burn>	voip: 29d is NateOtto
[Tue 11:04:14] <voip-vctf>	Associated NateOtto with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029d.
[Tue 11:04:21] *	manu third time is the charm.
[Tue 11:04:34] *	stonematt NateOtto ha!
[Tue 11:04:39] <burn>	Topic: Agenda Review
[Tue 11:05:02] <stonematt>	burn: Any changes to the Agenda?
[Tue 11:05:02] <stonematt>	No changes requested.
[Tue 11:05:02] <stonematt>	Topic: Verifiable Claims WG Vote
[Tue 11:05:57] <voip-vctf>	17278084918 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:01] <stonematt>	manu: above threshold and have some positive votes. need some larger companies to weigh in,
[Tue 11:06:16] <dezell>	voip: 918 is dezell
[Tue 11:06:16] <voip-vctf>	Failed to associate "918"; unrecognized channel.
[Tue 11:06:22] <Varn>	when does the vote close?
[Tue 11:06:27] <manu>	W3C Member-only vote link for Verifiable Claims: https://www.w3.org/2002/09/wbs/33280/VCWG/
[Tue 11:06:28] <dezell>	voip: 29e is dezell
[Tue 11:06:28] <voip-vctf>	Associated dezell with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029e.
[Tue 11:06:37] <stonematt>	manu: most of the responders are smaller companies, but work has generated some new w3c members.
[Tue 11:06:46] <stonematt>	manu: looks good so far
[Tue 11:06:57] <stonematt>	manu: need to respond to MSFT and Mozilla on the AC Forum
[Tue 11:07:12] <voip-vctf>	Unknown [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:46] *	decal (~decal@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:07:59] <stonematt>	manu: of the 4 that initially pushed back, 2 have declared they won't block.  working w/ the other 2
[Tue 11:08:00] *	gkellogg_ (~gregg@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:08:22] <stonematt>	Topic: Discussion on Github
[Tue 11:09:10] <manu>	Github issue tracker for spec: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues
[Tue 11:09:20] <jonnycrunch>	q+
[Tue 11:09:20] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has been added to the queue: manu, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:09:31] <stonematt>	burn: chairs would like the group to have discussions on GitHub and make sure time in our weekly calls is used for topics that require live discussion or decision
[Tue 11:09:42] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-000002a1] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:51] <ShaneM>	present+ ShaneM
[Tue 11:09:52] <stonematt>	burn: review and comment on issues that are logged at GitHub
[Tue 11:09:59] <voip-vctf>	Unknown [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002a0] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:06] *	JoeAndrieu (~JoeAndrieu@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:10:08] <stonematt>	burn: will use call to discuss issues that seem to be "stuck"
[Tue 11:10:14] <manu>	voip: 2a0 is JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:10:14] <voip-vctf>	Associated JoeAndrieu with SIP/69.65.34.216-000002a0.
[Tue 11:10:37] <stonematt>	burn: will drive to have proposals to review in the call, so we have a clear decision to debate.
[Tue 11:10:52] <NateOtto>	This GitHub repo looks good.
[Tue 11:10:54] <manu>	q?
[Tue 11:10:54] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:10:58] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:10:58] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:11:03] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:11:03] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor.
[Tue 11:11:03] <stonematt>	ack manu
[Tue 11:11:03] <voip-vctf>	manu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:11:37] <stonematt>	manu: Pari - this group is about to become a w3c member group.  feel free to participate via issue tracker
[Tue 11:11:38] *	ShaneM is pretty sure they joined
[Tue 11:11:57] <stonematt>	manu: would love to have Intuit's input and collaboration
[Tue 11:12:17] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:12:17] <voip-vctf>	manu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:12:17] <jonnycrunch>	yes, Intuit is a member
[Tue 11:12:48] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:12:48] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:12:48] <burn>	ack jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:12:48] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has the floor.
[Tue 11:13:11] <stonematt>	jonnycrunch: what's the process to consolidate and prioritize
[Tue 11:13:15] *	ShaneM confirmed Intuit is a member of W3C
[Tue 11:13:21] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:13:21] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:13:33] *	pari_ (~pari@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:13:49] <stonematt>	burn: as w3c we must attempt to address every issue.  must be careful w/ consolidation so we don't miss any issues
[Tue 11:13:54] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:13:54] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt
[Tue 11:14:18] *	manu waves to pari_ :)
[Tue 11:14:29] <stonematt>	burn: prioritization is based on getting discussion.  editorial issue will start getting addressed naturally
[Tue 11:14:57] <stonematt>	jonnycrunch: seems like several that overlap and need discussion
[Tue 11:15:04] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:15:04] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt
[Tue 11:15:29] *	manu also, pari_ - make sure your W3C Advisory Committee Representative votes in favor of the Verifiable Claims WG - https://www.w3.org/2002/09/wbs/33280/VCWG/ - the vote is open right now, needs to be done ASAP... :)
[Tue 11:15:57] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:15:57] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt
[Tue 11:16:19] <stonematt>	burn: we will be careful about combining issues as "duplicates"
[Tue 11:16:21] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:16:21] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt
[Tue 11:16:28] <manu>	ack stonematt 
[Tue 11:16:29] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:16:34] *	MattLarson (~MattLarson@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:16:47] <pari_>	Thanks for the link manu, I will forward this to the appropriate people and make progress on our vote.Btw just looked, Intuit is a W3C member.
[Tue 11:16:48] <manu>	voip: 2a2 is MattLarson
[Tue 11:16:48] <voip-vctf>	Associated MattLarson with SIP/sip.linphone.org-000002a2.
[Tue 11:17:27] <manu>	stonematt: We're adding a more coarse-grained prioritization. We may add another tag called "requires discussion", to make sure those items are discussed on these calls.
[Tue 11:17:48] <manu>	stonematt: We're not looking for ordinal prioritization, more coarse grained stuff.
[Tue 11:17:48] *	burn thanks manu
[Tue 11:17:50] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:17:50] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:18:15] *	manu pari_ thanks Pari - didn't realize Intuit was a member, that's great! Looking forward to working together! :)
[Tue 11:18:15] <stonematt>	Topic: Intro to Github Pull Requests
[Tue 11:18:39] <stonematt>	burn: do we need to have this discussion today?
[Tue 11:18:53] <stonematt>	burn: anyone who would particularly like me to walk through this process?
[Tue 11:19:15] <burn>	Slides on how to do Github Pull Requests - https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1OzPZQ9ovLsnhcHCmkNCEkc14ZKS9iJsy-aTlZEAohL8/edit#slide=id.p4
[Tue 11:19:26] <stonematt>	manu: some may be shy?
[Tue 11:19:37] <stonematt>	burn: anyone who doesn't want us to go through it
[Tue 11:20:06] <stonematt>	burn: we have several participants that aren't developers.  we'll go quickly if there are no questions
[Tue 11:20:06] <NateOtto>	I understand pull requests in GitHub. We've implemented this procedure for Open Badges and have a small amount of participation via pull request. We've even had a couple non-developers level up and learn how to use PRs.
[Tue 11:20:30] <burn>	repository:  https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model
[Tue 11:21:24] <stonematt>	stonematt: stop scribing the "how to use gitHub" presentation
[Tue 11:21:43] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:21:43] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:22:58] *	dezell_ (~dezell@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:23:14] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:23:14] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:23:15] <dezell_>	voip: 29e is dezell_
[Tue 11:23:15] <voip-vctf>	Associated dezell_ with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029e.
[Tue 11:23:45] *	dezell_ wonders if someone could repaste the URLs (was forced to reboot).
[Tue 11:24:08] <stonematt>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues
[Tue 11:24:34] <manu>	q+ to time box and not go into as much detail - skim slides.
[Tue 11:24:34] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:24:54] <stonematt>	ack manu
[Tue 11:24:54] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to time box and not go into as much detail - skim slides.).
[Tue 11:25:40] *	dezell has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:25:43] <stonematt>	manu: maybe too deep.  go fast :)
[Tue 11:27:23] *	adamlake (~adamlake@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:28:20] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:28:20] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:29:23] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000002a3] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:29:28] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:29:28] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:29:33] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:29:33] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000292], DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000293], jonnycrunch [SIP/10.0.1.143-00000294], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.199-00000295], Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000296], RichardVarn [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000298], Pari [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000297], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000299], BillDeL [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000029a], nage [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000029b], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-0000029c],
[Tue 11:29:33] <voip-vctf>	NateOtto [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029d], dezell_ [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029e], Unknown [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000029f], Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-000002a1], JoeAndrieu [SIP/69.65.34.216-000002a0], MattLarson [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000002a2], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000002a3].
[Tue 11:31:15] *	manu pari_ - getting this for the minutes, your last name is  Lingampally?
[Tue 11:32:58] *	manu thx pari_ 
[Tue 11:33:29] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:33:29] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:37:31] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:37:32] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:37:36] *	erkorb_rm (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:38:29] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:38:29] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:41:59] <manu>	q+ to make a few comments.
[Tue 11:41:59] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:42:04] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:42:04] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:42:09] <stonematt>	ack manu
[Tue 11:42:09] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to make a few comments.).
[Tue 11:42:11] *	dezell_ thanks Dan for the slides
[Tue 11:43:32] <stonematt>	manu: 3 ways to be heard - 1) fork/edit/PR  in gitHub or 2) comment on issues directly 3) send an email.
[Tue 11:44:20] <JohnTib>	q+
[Tue 11:44:21] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib has been added to the queue: JohnTib
[Tue 11:44:32] <stonematt>	manu: option 2 is the simplest and best if you don't wan to be an editor
[Tue 11:44:37] <stonematt>	ack JohnTib
[Tue 11:44:37] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib has the floor.
[Tue 11:44:39] <burn>	ack JohnTib
[Tue 11:44:39] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:45:06] *	gkellogg__ (~gregg@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:45:40] <stonematt>	JohnTib: regarding issues v. pull requests.  I've been using issues until have better understanding of the group consensus?  if an issue become concrete, will it be bounced back to " us" to make a PR?
[Tue 11:45:45] <stonematt>	burn: depends...
[Tue 11:46:09] <dlongley>	you can always submit a PR on your own and say it's a proposal for people to take a look at
[Tue 11:46:14] <stonematt>	burn: if there's clear concrete agreement, chairs may ask you to make a PR, if you don't know how or resist, chairs will find a way
[Tue 11:46:20] <dlongley>	it doesn't mean the group will accept it, it's a conversation starter
[Tue 11:46:46] <stonematt>	burn: chairs may ask editors to make a change and ask for comments from the group
[Tue 11:47:05] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:47:05] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:47:05] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:47:05] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:47:27] <stonematt>	Topic: Use of WebIDL in the Spec
[Tue 11:47:35] <burn>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues/4
[Tue 11:47:45] *	gkellogg_ has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:47:54] *	dezell_ dan 1, manu 0
[Tue 11:48:09] <stonematt>	ack manu
[Tue 11:48:09] <voip-vctf>	manu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:48:52] <stonematt>	manu: webIDL is used in specifications.  VC datamodel is syntax agnostic. we're trying to decide what syntax to put in the core spec
[Tue 11:49:11] <stonematt>	manu: consensus we'll include JSON, JSON-LD (probably),
[Tue 11:49:28] <stonematt>	manu: do we need others? like XML, WebIDL, etc. or put them in another document?
[Tue 11:49:30] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:49:30] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:49:50] *	erkorb_rm has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:50:27] <stonematt>	burn: asks why this one to go to a separate doc?
[Tue 11:51:18] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:51:18] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:51:37] <stonematt>	manu: webIDL will come in at some point - when it's integrated into the browsers. in the meantime, it's an odd expression to those who aren't browser vendors
[Tue 11:51:38] <ShaneM>	q+ to point out that WebIDL is now a W3C recommendation...
[Tue 11:51:38] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: dlongley, ShaneM
[Tue 11:51:42] *	adamlake has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:51:45] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:51:45] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley, ShaneM
[Tue 11:52:00] <burn>	q+
[Tue 11:52:00] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: dlongley, ShaneM, burn
[Tue 11:52:15] <stonematt>	manu: include expressions that are more accessible and common for these participants
[Tue 11:52:18] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:52:18] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley, ShaneM, burn
[Tue 11:52:54] <stonematt>	manu: move webIDL out until we come a real working group
[Tue 11:53:11] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:53:11] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley, ShaneM, burn
[Tue 11:53:13] <nage>	+1 on separate document.  I agree with manu's point that his is overly browser-specific, and we should address it later if we can.
[Tue 11:53:18] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch [SIP/10.0.1.143-000002a4] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:53:20] <JohnTib>	q+
[Tue 11:53:20] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib has been added to the queue: dlongley, ShaneM, burn, JohnTib
[Tue 11:53:22] <burn>	ack dlongley
[Tue 11:53:22] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:53:27] <stonematt>	ack dlongley
[Tue 11:53:27] <voip-vctf>	dlongley isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:53:52] <jonnycrunch>	had to rejoin, got kicked off.
[Tue 11:53:53] *	manu doesn't know if we can freeze this particular queue (don't think I wrote the code to do that) :P
[Tue 11:53:59] <stonematt>	dlongley: we've prohibited ourselves from doing browser specification of this work
[Tue 11:54:13] <decal>	Occasionally some application servers will use IDL for CORBA IOR (Inter-Object Request) brokers or Java RMI (Remote Method Invocation) .. no doubt it's a bit obscure, but not unheard of in enterprise-class software
[Tue 11:54:14] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor (to point out that WebIDL is now a W3C recommendation...).
[Tue 11:54:22] <burn>	ack ShaneM
[Tue 11:54:22] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:54:31] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch [SIP/10.0.1.143-000002a4] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:54:43] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch [SIP/10.0.1.143-000002a5] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:54:44] *	manu decal - who are you? first and last name (for the minutes)
[Tue 11:54:50] <burn>	ack burn
[Tue 11:54:50] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor.
[Tue 11:54:56] *	dezell_ has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:55:06] <stonematt>	ShaneM: also hard to express this in webIDL, since it's a w3c recommendation, we should try, but we can do it in another doc
[Tue 11:55:10] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch [SIP/10.0.1.143-000002a5] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:55:36] *	adamlake (~adamlake@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:55:41] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch [SIP/10.0.1.143-000002a6] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:55:49] <burn>	ack JohnTib
[Tue 11:55:49] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib has the floor.
[Tue 11:56:01] <stonematt>	burn: generally agree w/ discussion.  goal: generally define a datamodel, and show that it can be expressed in >1 manner. we do ourselves a disservice if we don't do it in more than 1
[Tue 11:56:27] <stonematt>	JohnTib: disagree: we should do it one way and it should be JSON-LD
[Tue 11:56:50] <decal>	you could write a WebIDL->YAML translator (or whatever syntax description language you want)
[Tue 11:56:59] <gkellogg__>	+1 to JohnTib
[Tue 11:57:01] <stonematt>	JohnTib: in the core specification - move the alternatives to separate documents w/ many difference representations
[Tue 11:57:03] <manu>	q+ to agree with Dan Burnett - wonder if XML is a better representation? For SAML?
[Tue 11:57:04] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:57:07] <manu>	q-
[Tue 11:57:07] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 11:57:08] <stonematt>	+1 JohnTib
[Tue 11:57:08] <dlongley>	+1 to John's suggestion of a separate doc with many different representations as examples
[Tue 11:57:10] *	manu nevermind
[Tue 11:57:11] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:57:11] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:57:20] *	manu :)
[Tue 11:57:39] *	manu decal - could you identify yourself, for the minutes? 
[Tue 11:57:53] <stonematt>	burn: please continue the discussion in the issue on gitHub
[Tue 11:58:30] *	manu Derek Callaway
[Tue 11:58:41] <ShaneM>	I think it would be worth our while to help fix WebIDL so you can express things like these data structures
[Tue 11:59:02] *	manu cries at that thought... "fix WebIDL"
[Tue 11:58:41] <manu>	Present+ mccarron, kellogg, longley, sporny, lehn, jonnycrunch, kellogg, tibbetts, delorenzo, nage, pari_, burn, stone, varn, otto, dezell, andrieu, larson
