[2019-07-23T15:59:12.586Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	So... how do we update the message at the top? about 7/16 cancelled?
[2019-07-23T16:00:24.534Z]	<aljones15_db>	greetings folks
[2019-07-23T16:01:03.845Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Thanks, @TallTed
[2019-07-23T16:01:20.305Z]	<denjell>	hey
[2019-07-23T16:01:31.758Z]	<TallTed>	ChristopherA, others - note that the worldclock link includes the date. it has to be updated for each call, else it doesn't do the intended job (as daylight savings changes happen)
[2019-07-23T16:01:51.460Z]	<denjell>	my first time here - having problems with the SIP
[2019-07-23T16:01:57.141Z]	<Shivam_sethi>	HI Team
[2019-07-23T16:02:02.451Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2019-07-23T16:02:03.106Z]	<Shivam_sethi>	I am not able to connect via VOIP
[2019-07-23T16:02:07.225Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2019-07-23T16:02:14.087Z]	<aljones15_db>	+present AndrewJones Digital Bazaar
[2019-07-23T16:02:17.755Z]	<Shivam_sethi>	COuld someone please share any international tollfree Number
[2019-07-23T16:02:19.878Z]	<Shivam_sethi>	+present
[2019-07-23T16:02:27.688Z]	<Shivam_sethi>	Present+
[2019-07-23T16:02:36.225Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Jul/0074.html
[2019-07-23T16:02:46.571Z]	<agropper>	present+
[2019-07-23T16:02:49.469Z]	<drummond>	present+
[2019-07-23T16:03:21.349Z]	<TallTed>	Shivam_sethi - There is no international toll-free number for this call, sorry.
[2019-07-23T16:03:37.891Z]	<denjell>	so i am connected, but can't hear anything...
[2019-07-23T16:03:39.574Z]	<drummond>	Note that I will not be on most (or all) of the audio today as I must participate in another call with the Sovrin stewards.
[2019-07-23T16:03:41.501Z]	<Shivam_sethi>	Team ,Please share any international Tollfree Number ... I am from India and i am not able to join even last time i missed that
[2019-07-23T16:03:48.881Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2019-07-23T16:03:54.151Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2019-07-23T16:04:03.206Z]	<charlie>	present+
[2019-07-23T16:05:40.449Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ Joe_Andrieu
[2019-07-23T16:06:56.005Z]	<yancy>	present+
[2019-07-23T16:07:09.466Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2019-07-23T16:08:48.127Z]	<rhiaro>	scribenick: jonathan_holt
[2019-07-23T16:08:56.831Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2019-07-23T16:09:09.050Z]	<denjell>	hi i am using the french number
[2019-07-23T16:09:30.806Z]	<jonathan_holt>	present+ jonathan_holt
[2019-07-23T16:10:07.726Z]	<jonathan_holt>	Daniel is new to the call.  Member of quazar team
[2019-07-23T16:10:20.730Z]	<denjell>	quasar
[2019-07-23T16:10:24.877Z]	<jonathan_holt>	.. interested in LD signatures
[2019-07-23T16:10:26.269Z]	<rgrant>	present+
[2019-07-23T16:10:38.069Z]	<jonathan_holt>	s/quazar/quaser
[2019-07-23T16:10:50.980Z]	<jonathan_holt>	ChristopherA : reintroductions.
[2019-07-23T16:12:33.347Z]	<jonathan_holt>	Jeff from Saint Louis is a digital anthropologist.  Wants to scribe next time.  Political scientist by training.  "bias" term is a great term, beautify.  kind words were given
[2019-07-23T16:12:37.827Z]	<denjell>	s/quazar/quasar
[2019-07-23T16:12:45.350Z]	<denjell>	https://quasar.dev
[2019-07-23T16:12:58.318Z]	<jonathan_holt>	ChristopherA : announcements.
[2019-07-23T16:13:17.727Z]	<ChristopherA>	  https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2019-07-23T16:13:27.047Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... DID specs deep dive on Thursdays, see details.
[2019-07-23T16:13:36.421Z]	<kezike>	present+
[2019-07-23T16:13:37.535Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... Aug 5th is BTC hackathon
[2019-07-23T16:13:56.447Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://weboftrustinfo.github.io/btcr-hackathon-2019/
[2019-07-23T16:14:06.980Z]	<jonathan_holt>	.. also JSON-LD signing, see details in link.
[2019-07-23T16:14:22.993Z]	<ChristopherA>	 https://www.meetup.com/Vienna-Digital-Identity-Meetup/events/262359964/
[2019-07-23T16:14:41.755Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://www.WebOfTrust.info
[2019-07-23T16:14:57.570Z]	<ChristopherA>	  https://www.eventbrite.com/e/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-ix-2019b-prague-tickets-63443365815
[2019-07-23T16:15:02.961Z]	<jonathan_holt>	.. beginning of Sept in Vienna, beers on Marcus.   Followed by train to Prague for rebooting web of trust.
[2019-07-23T16:15:04.809Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	http://rwot9.eventbrite.com works too
[2019-07-23T16:15:07.773Z]	<MosesMa>	present+
[2019-07-23T16:15:38.279Z]	<jonathan_holt>	After RWoT, activity pub, no URL yet. but contact them if interested
[2019-07-23T16:15:55.910Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://www.w3.org/2019/09/TPAC/
[2019-07-23T16:16:37.553Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to ask about TPAC timing
[2019-07-23T16:16:42.531Z]	<jonathan_holt>	TPAC (by W3C) this year in Japan. Sept 16-17. DID meeting scheduled, hopefully with approval. No CCG on schedule yet, but members will be present.
[2019-07-23T16:16:45.418Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://mydata2019.org/
[2019-07-23T16:16:56.130Z]	<jonathan_holt>	MyData in Helsinki, workshop on DID.
[2019-07-23T16:16:59.899Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-07-23T16:17:49.928Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://internetidentityworkshop.com/
[2019-07-23T16:17:50.127Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... IIW update
[2019-07-23T16:17:59.896Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-07-23T16:18:36.998Z]	<jonathan_holt>	JoeAndrieu : pinging Manu asking timing of TPAC and working group
[2019-07-23T16:18:50.956Z]	<jonathan_holt>	manu: silence
[2019-07-23T16:19:15.568Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccgd/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2019-07-23T16:19:18.228Z]	<jonathan_holt>	JoeAndrieu :  first meeting may not be official.
[2019-07-23T16:20:13.588Z]	<jonathan_holt>	ChristopherA :  persnickety urls
[2019-07-23T16:20:54.978Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/ld-cryptosuite-registry/
[2019-07-23T16:21:23.815Z]	<jonathan_holt>	ChristopherA : LD Key format registry issue.  as i understand it. the submitters want to had more details.  The is more info in key formats.
[2019-07-23T16:21:43.990Z]	<jonathan_holt>	ChristopherA : wants editors to update document
[2019-07-23T16:22:05.990Z]	<jonathan_holt>	ChristopherA : main part of our agenda
[2019-07-23T16:22:18.772Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/65
[2019-07-23T16:22:46.172Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to mention the healthy debate has already led to productive work
[2019-07-23T16:22:56.700Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... the chairs accept DID:web as a work item.  discussions were had.  some controversy.  But if two companies are in then it can be a work item.
[2019-07-23T16:23:10.468Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-method-web
[2019-07-23T16:23:22.851Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... a repo was made.
[2019-07-23T16:23:30.930Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-07-23T16:23:36.508Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-07-23T16:24:33.076Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot9-prague/tree/master/topics-and-advance-readings
[2019-07-23T16:24:35.347Z]	<jonathan_holt>	JoeAndrieu : did:web is not without controversy.  but shows that there is a process including rubrix.
[2019-07-23T16:24:58.790Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to invite Dmitri to comment on the DID:WEB work item
[2019-07-23T16:25:04.702Z]	<jonathan_holt>	ChristopherA :  RWoT advance reading. lots of interesting topics.  if you are attending please get your topic in soon.
[2019-07-23T16:25:04.907Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-07-23T16:25:40.849Z]	<jonathan_holt>	JoeAndrieu : pings Dimitry to discuss did:web
[2019-07-23T16:25:59.309Z]	<jonathan_holt>	dmitriz :  happy to answer questions.
[2019-07-23T16:26:10.749Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot9-prague/blob/rubrics/topics-and-advance-readings/rubrics.md
[2019-07-23T16:26:25.568Z]	<jonathan_holt>	ChristopherA :  on to rubrics
[2019-07-23T16:27:00.048Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... a team has gathered to discuss how we measure decentralization. Passes to JoeAndrieu
[2019-07-23T16:27:22.139Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HXik6hxHfGZR1-nhmQoYO5Ap3eGPNpg8MitCQXdW7Q0/edit
[2019-07-23T16:27:28.113Z]	<ChristopherA>	q? to ask timing of Rubric calls
[2019-07-23T16:27:34.902Z]	<jonathan_holt>	JoeAndrieu :  this is supporting an informal work item teasing out how we move forward.  A draft was created on google docs.
[2019-07-23T16:27:35.409Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-07-23T16:27:46.190Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ to ask timing of Rubric calls
[2019-07-23T16:28:07.714Z]	<jonathan_holt>	.. wants a team of editors to hash out criteria and how to handle comments. want to move to work item.
[2019-07-23T16:28:32.789Z]	<denjell>	would love to ask a question about the rubrics
[2019-07-23T16:28:37.417Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-07-23T16:28:49.316Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... what to define what we are doing,  will discuss at RWoT with goal to bring it in to working group.
[2019-07-23T16:28:53.456Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ denjell
[2019-07-23T16:29:36.118Z]	<jonathan_holt>	JoeAndrieu :  email me if you want to join calls.  Main topic is creative brief to get collaborators on board with intent.
[2019-07-23T16:29:54.048Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-07-23T16:29:55.660Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-07-23T16:30:00.332Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack denjell
[2019-07-23T16:31:16.348Z]	<jonathan_holt>	denjell :  asking about approach.  in open source projects need longevity. My experience people don't understand terms , want a glossary to be created.
[2019-07-23T16:31:51.916Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot9-prague/blob/master/topics-and-advance-readings/glossary-primer.md
[2019-07-23T16:31:59.127Z]	<jonathan_holt>	JoeAndrieu :  agree, needs some work
[2019-07-23T16:32:42.499Z]	<jonathan_holt>	ChristopherA :  link to glossary primer, with some input from Sovrin and DIF,  I encourage people to add items to this glossary.
[2019-07-23T16:32:54.406Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-07-23T16:32:56.048Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot9-prague/blob/rubrics/topics-and-advance-readings/rubrics.md
[2019-07-23T16:33:19.294Z]	<jonathan_holt>	JoeAndrieu :  here is the current creative brief for the document.
[2019-07-23T16:34:20.353Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... there are about 6 of us, creating a set of rubric,  explain what rubrics are,  wants it to be approachable
[2019-07-23T16:34:36.951Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-07-23T16:35:02.421Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... strategic goal.  make DID developers be more productive.  this is part of this conversation.  addition goals. evaluate some of the tradeoffs.
[2019-07-23T16:35:24.212Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... we have see some developers start with private network and have been more open.
[2019-07-23T16:35:44.288Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-07-23T16:35:56.980Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... last goal.   encourage CEO regulators evaluate potential DID methods for their usecases.
[2019-07-23T16:36:17.462Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... non-goals, we don't want a top level metric
[2019-07-23T16:36:36.994Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... we aren't interested in certification of DID methods.
[2019-07-23T16:37:11.781Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... don't see it boiling down to something concrete.  not exhaustive.
[2019-07-23T16:37:50.470Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... wants to capture what is meaningful to different approaches
[2019-07-23T16:38:21.288Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2019-07-23T16:38:45.942Z]	<jonathan_holt>	ChristopherA :  additional point not captured by W3C, we are not a standard making organization.  we are not in the position that this can't be a DID method
[2019-07-23T16:39:33.030Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... policy intent, we may in the future use the rubric for some determination for this group
[2019-07-23T16:39:48.148Z]	<jonathan_holt>	JoeAndrieu :  more non-goals
[2019-07-23T16:40:42.897Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... this document is not going to give guidance for specific methods, with respect to certain topics, ie decentralization
[2019-07-23T16:41:10.350Z]	<denjell>	that makes sense and is very well said
[2019-07-23T16:41:20.739Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... this is also anticipate using this but don't want to use it to make it in a registry.
[2019-07-23T16:41:31.928Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-07-23T16:41:37.568Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-07-23T16:41:44.149Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-07-23T16:41:47.032Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack agropper
[2019-07-23T16:41:51.149Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack chri
[2019-07-23T16:41:57.497Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-07-23T16:42:39.612Z]	<jonathan_holt>	agropper : re non goals.  how does the rubric deal with the KYC or privacy. how do we deal with methods with regard to privacy?
[2019-07-23T16:42:55.877Z]	<denjell>	https://digitalguardian.com/blog/what-fisma-compliance-fisma-definition-requirements-penalties-and-more
[2019-07-23T16:43:05.129Z]	<denjell>	This one ?
[2019-07-23T16:43:07.955Z]	<jonathan_holt>	JoeAndrieu :  easier to say, "does this method deal with KYC".
[2019-07-23T16:43:18.806Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-07-23T16:43:52.896Z]	<jonathan_holt>	JoeAndrieu :  more.  audience. ... we are not targeting end-users.
[2019-07-23T16:44:42.708Z]	<denjell>	yes - I'd love to help with the glossification
[2019-07-23T16:44:45.409Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... i always want to be clear.  but I don't want the burden to focus on end-users.   We do need a glossary.  this is about the technology.
[2019-07-23T16:44:52.050Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-07-23T16:45:44.148Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-07-23T16:45:53.909Z]	<jonathan_holt>	JoeAndrieu :  talking points.  what is a rubric? evaluation tool.  Re: decentralization is often driven by political interests..
[2019-07-23T16:46:41.806Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ch
[2019-07-23T16:46:43.470Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-07-23T16:46:49.069Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... finally, any one who is using these rubric. Shooting people is different than buying alcohol.
[2019-07-23T16:46:55.359Z]	<denjell>	sounds like there needs to be a guide to using the rubrics
[2019-07-23T16:47:16.311Z]	<jonathan_holt>	ChristopherA : you can never be perfectly decentralized.  if you are strong in one you might be weak in another area.
[2019-07-23T16:48:01.199Z]	<jonathan_holt>	ChristopherA :  the tradeoff is in the details of the rules and applicable for certain groups.
[2019-07-23T16:48:05.688Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-07-23T16:48:51.508Z]	<jonathan_holt>	JoeAndrieu : sources of credibility,  the needs of the different efforts are being folded in.
[2019-07-23T16:49:44.566Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... the call to action,  we want people to understand decentralization and help collaboration and discussion.
[2019-07-23T16:50:11.947Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-07-23T16:50:34.321Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... we want folks to write blog posts.  finally, encourage input.  Anticipates 2 years of work
[2019-07-23T16:50:37.628Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-07-23T16:50:41.453Z]	<denjell>	sorry - i need to run. thankyou for the warm welcome, and i'm happy to help out where i can - hear you next week
[2019-07-23T16:51:13.447Z]	<denjell>	how do it get in touch
[2019-07-23T16:51:15.727Z]	<denjell>	?
[2019-07-23T16:51:20.031Z]	<denjell>	email list?
[2019-07-23T16:51:20.595Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+
[2019-07-23T16:51:27.099Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	joe@legreq.com
[2019-07-23T16:51:27.176Z]	<denjell>	ty
[2019-07-23T16:51:33.754Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack jonathan_holt
[2019-07-23T16:51:33.881Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack jonathan_holt
[2019-07-23T16:53:50.647Z]	<jonathan_holt>	jonathan_holt :  asked two hard questions
[2019-07-23T16:55:05.598Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... 1) some DID methods ... the rubric could be too generalizable, when there are implemention details that aren't taking into account
[2019-07-23T16:55:43.720Z]	<jonathan_holt>	2.). are we the right people to write our own rubric...could this violate our anti-trust.
[2019-07-23T16:56:37.241Z]	<jonathan_holt>	JoeAndrieu :  the oppuntinity to document our bias, then we can help explain it to other.  1st goal is to document the motivation
[2019-07-23T16:57:19.797Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... in my view, the rubric are only applicable if you are interested in them.
[2019-07-23T16:57:48.241Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-07-23T16:57:57.952Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... There is a dance to determine the question if you are permissioned or not
[2019-07-23T16:58:55.387Z]	<jonathan_holt>	ChristopherA :  goal, 10-15 minute update from development team..  if you want to schedule let the chairs know.
[2019-07-23T16:59:10.914Z]	<identitywoman>	who is facilitating RWoT9?
[2019-07-23T16:59:17.132Z]	<jonathan_holt>	... if there is a topic paper and want input from the community, reach out
[2019-07-23T16:59:29.226Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-07-23T16:59:38.518Z]	<MosesMa>	bye all
[2019-07-23T16:59:49.454Z]	<ChristopherA>	bye!
[2019-07-23T17:06:44.377Z]	<gannan>	voip: connections?
[2019-07-23T19:31:32.456Z]	<gannan>	voip: connections?
[2019-07-23T19:31:43.765Z]	<gannan>	voip: disconnect 60e
