[Tue 11:05:08] <manu>	scribe: dlongley
[Tue 11:05:14] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Jul/0009.html
[Tue 11:05:20] <dlongley>	Manu: It's a fairly light agenda.
[Tue 11:05:28] <dlongley>	manu: Any updates or changes?
[Tue 11:05:33] <dlongley>	none
[Tue 11:05:38] <manu>	Topic: Recruiting
[Tue 11:05:42] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.4-00000055] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:24] <dlongley>	manu: The discussion at W3C at the Web Payments IG is ongoing, on credentials and identity. The same people who said they are very interested in identity and credentials continue to say so. We distributed a poll so they could speak up for the Credentials CG/WG recruiting drive. Only a very small handful of them have done that. I'm going to have to pick up the phone and call them directly mainly because they are so busy and don't get to the poll. Even people in the Credentials CG haven't put anything on the poll so we need to get people to do it. It could be the holiday weekend that's partly responsible. I think people are busy or they are being nice and we have to get past that.
[Tue 11:07:36] <dlongley>	manu: The Web Payments IG has 75 people in it, hopefully we'll pick up a couple from there.
[Tue 11:08:42] <dlongley>	manu: From a recruiting standpoint, I got the full list of AC reps that were asked to fill out the poll that would probably be interested in credentials or supporting us at W3C. I got the list of people that haven't responded yet to Eric Korb and Richard Varn so hopefully you can have your recruiter people go after them. There's 100+ on there. I think 35 have responded.
[Tue 11:09:06] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-00000056] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:30] <dlongley>	manu: We have around 16 organizations so far, if you scan down the list, we're missing ETS, Badge Alliance, Concentric Sky.
[Tue 11:09:45] <dlongley>	Richard: What do you need from us?
[Tue 11:09:50] <dlongley>	manu: I just need you to fill out the poll.
[Tue 11:10:03] <dlongley>	manu: Your AC rep needs to fill that out.
[Tue 11:10:07] <dlongley>	Richard: I'll check with Mark, thanks.
[Tue 11:10:26] <dlongley>	manu: If you're not on this list, that means you're not down as supporting the work. The way to get on this list is to go fill out the poll.
[Tue 11:10:27] <eric_r_korb>	Express Scripts should be Scrip-Safe
[Tue 11:10:37] <dlongley>	manu: We have a couple of maybes that may turn into yeses.
[Tue 11:10:56] <dlongley>	manu: That puts us around 3.75% and W3C needs 5% to consider starting the work.
[Tue 11:11:11] <dlongley>	manu: Let's go down the list and see where everyone is as far as recruiting.
[Tue 11:11:25] <dlongley>	manu: Eric, for Parchment, Scrip-Safe, etc. ...
[Tue 11:11:42] <dlongley>	Eric: As I mentioned last week, it was a holiday week/weekend so I was waiting until this week.
[Tue 11:11:58] <NateOtto>	Ok, good to know!
[Tue 11:11:59] <dlongley>	manu: Sure, just keep in mind time is running out. We need the names by the end of July because getting them after that before TPAC is highly unlikely.
[Tue 11:12:04] <dlongley>	manu: Nate?
[Tue 11:12:28] <dlongley>	NateOtto: I talked to Wayne, C-Sky's president, he's positive can't put a "Yes" yet, but after today I'll be able to talk more clearly after some tech discussions.
[Tue 11:12:31] <dlongley>	manu: Richard?
[Tue 11:13:08] <dlongley>	manu: We've contacted CSC and Accenture ... I've made appeals to their reps, we've contacted two, I've got to wait on NRF and I haven't talked to ACT I'll talk to them this week.
[Tue 11:13:31] <dlongley>	manu: Does anyone else want to be actively involved in recruiting that's on the call?
[Tue 11:13:42] <dlongley>	manu: What's the status of Badge Alliance?
[Tue 11:14:07] <dlongley>	NateOtto: As far as who is footing the bill, won't be decided until later, but you can put them down as a strong maybe and get them signed up.
[Tue 11:14:24] <dlongley>	Eric: You can put Verisys down as a "Yes".
[Tue 11:14:42] <dlongley>	manu: Were there any other organizations that were missing from here that should be on here?
[Tue 11:14:51] <dlongley>	manu: Richard, my guess is that ETS is going to say yes to this?
[Tue 11:15:00] <dlongley>	Richard: Yes, I'm going to tell Mark to fill out the survey.
[Tue 11:15:46] <NateOtto>	Eric: Rob Abel CEO of IMS Global offered to help recruit, though said that IMS doesn't join other standards bodies.
[Tue 11:16:04] <NateOtto>	SLee, do you have a Bb contact?
[Tue 11:16:10] <dlongley>	Eric: I have spoken to IMS, Rob Abel, and they said they don't typically join but they'd help recruit support for the project. I'll have to reach out to IMS myself and take them up on their offer. Their membership is definitely a target. Someone who is not on here is Blackboard.
[Tue 11:16:24] <dlongley>	Eric: Blackboard hasn't returned my calls.
[Tue 11:16:32] <dlongley>	SLee: I can chat with our contact at Blackboard.
[Tue 11:16:38] <dlongley>	Eric: That'd be great.
[Tue 11:16:52] <dlongley>	Eric: Do we want any Universities? I think IU would certainly be one.
[Tue 11:16:54] <dlongley>	manu: Yes.
[Tue 11:17:05] <dlongley>	manu: Would they send someone to participate in the work or join W3C?
[Tue 11:17:19] <dlongley>	Eric: I have a call with them today and I'll bring it up. (Indiana University)
[Tue 11:17:33] <dlongley>	manu: Anyone else that should be on that list?
[Tue 11:17:47] <dlongley>	Eric: Mozilla?
[Tue 11:17:52] <dlongley>	manu: Mozilla is a "no".
[Tue 11:18:04] <dlongley>	Eric: You need a different group. We need someone on the Badge Alliance side.
[Tue 11:18:12] <dlongley>	NateOtto: I reached out to Mozilla Foundation and didn't get any answer on that.
[Tue 11:18:51] <dlongley>	SLee: I think if we did get Mozilla support... as you know Mozilla operates as one big head and one smaller sized head, the Mozilla Foundation, and the Badge Alliance came out of there and sometimes they don't communicate.
[Tue 11:19:16] <dlongley>	NateOtto: I think we could get it to the point that they don't oppose the work, but I don't know if there's any particular engineer that's involved in the foundation side that could contribute.
[Tue 11:19:39] <dlongley>	manu: That would probably put Mozilla into a "no"/"not worth it" category. It's hard to get them to join efforts that aren't the main thing they are working on.
[Tue 11:19:51] <dlongley>	manu: I think Pearson is a "yes".
[Tue 11:19:57] <dlongley>	manu: I talked with Matt Stone and he's a "yes".
[Tue 11:20:04] <dlongley>	Richard: I don't know if their members are ready.
[Tue 11:20:05] <dlongley>	manu: They are.
[Tue 11:20:32] <dlongley>	Richard: What role does Mozilla fill if we can't get them, what are we looking for? A browser manufacturer?
[Tue 11:20:56] <eric_r_korb>	Verisign?
[Tue 11:21:22] <dlongley>	manu: Not a browser manufacturer, they've been a bit schizophrenic regarding identity, etc. I think browser manufacturers would be more disruptive going into this at the start. The browser reps at the F2F for Web Payments IG weren't too keen about identity and credentialing on the Web.
[Tue 11:21:28] <dlongley>	Richard: That's what you don't want, what do you want?
[Tue 11:21:39] <dlongley>	manu: If 75% of the ones that are blank to say yes we'd be good.
[Tue 11:21:47] <dlongley>	Richard: I just meant did you need a replacement for Mozilla.
[Tue 11:22:41] <dlongley>	manu: No, ... ideally we'd have all the big browser manufacturers at the table but it's been problematic. We'll probably give them a heads up that we're starting a group and we'll expect their help at some point. I can dig into that. The question is whether we dig into that now before we start proposing charters or after.
[Tue 11:22:43] <dlongley>	Richard: After.
[Tue 11:23:04] <dlongley>	manu: You saw what happened at the F2F.
[Tue 11:23:14] <dlongley>	Richard: Yes, after based on what you said.
[Tue 11:23:23] <dlongley>	manu: We can put Verisign on here.
[Tue 11:23:32] <dlongley>	Eric: The one we met at the F2F.
[Tue 11:23:41] <dlongley>	manu: Yeah, Glen Wiley, he just doesn't have time.
[Tue 11:23:44] <dlongley>	manu: I'll chase that down.
[Tue 11:24:01] <dlongley>	Eric: What about the Fed?
[Tue 11:24:08] <dlongley>	manu: I'll chase that down, Claudia.
[Tue 11:24:13] <dlongley>	Eric: They still seemed pretty hot on this.
[Tue 11:24:18] <dlongley>	manu: Yeah.
[Tue 11:24:40] <dlongley>	manu: Deutsche Bank isn't on here, we have Deutsche Telekom.
[Tue 11:25:00] <dlongley>	manu: We have someone from T-mobile labs (Deutsche Telekom).
[Tue 11:25:05] <dlongley>	manu: I'll add Deutsche Bank as well.
[Tue 11:25:11] <dlongley>	manu: They are a strong maybe I just need to follow up with them.
[Tue 11:25:14] <dlongley>	manu: Ok.
[Tue 11:25:24] *	eric_r_korb_ (~eric.korb@ool-6bbc3bd8.dyn.optonline.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:25:34] <dlongley>	manu: Let's go ahead and put a stop on the recruiting discussion today, we have a lot of strong needs that we need to close out and get this to W3C management.
[Tue 11:25:48] <dlongley>	manu: Let's say we get 40; that's definitely enough for a very strong argument to do work at W3C.
[Tue 11:26:23] *	eric_rubin_korb (~eric.korb@ool-6bbc12b0.dyn.optonline.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:26:36] <dlongley>	Eric: Can you put a total on there? I can do it if you give me access.
[Tue 11:26:39] <dlongley>	manu: Gave you access.
[Tue 11:26:56] <manu>	Topic: authorization.io
[Tue 11:27:05] <manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Jun/0089.html
[Tue 11:27:12] *	dlongley no problem :)
[Tue 11:27:41] <NateOtto>	scribe: NateOtto
[Tue 11:27:53] <dlongley>	manu: We have been working (Accreditrust and Digital Bazaar) to put together a site called "authorization.io".
[Tue 11:27:56] <manu>	https://authorization.io/
[Tue 11:28:01] <NateOtto>	manu: Accreditrust & Digital Bazaar has been working to put together authorization.io https://github.com/digitalbazaar/authorization.io
[Tue 11:28:22] <NateOtto>	manu: authorization.io is a technology demonstration platform that will eventually become a polyfill for the browser APIs that we are proposing.
[Tue 11:28:36] <NateOtto>	manu: this site represents the full round trip for the credentials lifecycle that we're covering in the CG use cases.
[Tue 11:28:47] <NateOtto>	manu: It covers issuing, storing, and consuming a credential
[Tue 11:29:02] <NateOtto>	manu: It ensures that these services can be provided by an arbitrary number (many) of third party services.
[Tue 11:29:20] <NateOtto>	manu: through the standard, these can all interoperate. authorization.io is the technical proof that we have built something that can interoperate.
[Tue 11:29:28] *	eric_r_korb has quit (Ping timeout: 256 seconds)
[Tue 11:30:00] <NateOtto>	manu: the data structures, and protocols should be finalized before we go into an official working group
[Tue 11:30:02] *	eric_r_korb_ has quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)
[Tue 11:30:16] <NateOtto>	manu: It's important to do that before starting a WG, so the WG doesn't get sidetracked by research.
[Tue 11:30:41] <NateOtto>	manu: the web side is responsible for finding out who your id provider is and routing requests for credential issuing and consuming (transfer)
[Tue 11:31:01] <NateOtto>	manu: regardless of what device you're on; in all of those scenarios you are redirected to the proper identity provider.
[Tue 11:31:29] <NateOtto>	manu: the same thing happens if you request a credential. You'll be sent to your id provider to get the credential which gets sent back to the consumer
[Tue 11:31:40] <NateOtto>	manu: much like the Mozilla backpack, but in a fully decentralized way.
[Tue 11:32:06] <NateOtto>	manu: also, if you decide that you have a bad experience with your id provider, you can move your credentials to another id provider without getting permission from that id provider.
[Tue 11:32:14] <eric>	or, you can have more than 1 IdPs
[Tue 11:32:25] <manu>	https://github.com/digitalbazaar/authorization.io
[Tue 11:32:27] <NateOtto>	manu: this is credential portability, which is akin to cell number portability, which we now have in the US.
[Tue 11:32:53] <NateOtto>	manu: Eric is correct. If you want your work stuff to be stored at one idP and your home life stored separately, you can do that as well.
[Tue 11:33:06] <NateOtto>	manu: code is on github, you can read about how it work.s
[Tue 11:33:40] <dlongley>	NateOtto: What happens if the browser manufacturers don't want to implement this?
[Tue 11:34:14] <NateOtto>	manu: strategy is to plan for failure as far as the browser manufacturers are concerned. It's hard to get something into the browser. It may be years of convincing; we don't want the browser vendors to prevent us from building out this ecosystem.
[Tue 11:34:16] <dlongley>	manu: We continue using the polyfill. The strategy is to plan for them to fail to implement it. It may be years of convincing before they put the support in there. We don't want browser manufacturers to prevent us from building out this ecosystem.
[Tue 11:35:07] <NateOtto>	manu: one of the stragegies is polyfill; the other route: if the browser vendors become very imterested and implement very soon, that will only take effect in new versions of these browsers, and polyfill will still be necessary for older versions.
[Tue 11:36:22] <dlongley>	NateOtto: As a polyfill is it required to be centralized? Will there only ever be one authorization.io that demonstrates this ability?
[Tue 11:37:22] <NateOtto>	manu: it would be technically difficult to build multiple polyfill providers, but we would like to run authorization.io as a community effort, getting engineering resources from partner orgs. It becomes a critical piece of infrastructure and must be up 24/7.
[Tue 11:37:59] <NateOtto>	manu: We expect there to be only one authorization.io, but many companies to be involved in providing data centers around the world to serve up authorization.io traffic.
[Tue 11:38:29] <NateOtto>	manu: the reason there can only be one authorization.io right now is that the database that it's using needs to be synced across all data centers. The database contains things like mappings of your identifiers to you id provider.
[Tue 11:38:58] <NateOtto>	manu: we've been talking about webDHT, but we don't have that built out yet, so until we have that built out, authorization.io needs to have a centralized database.
[Tue 11:40:12] <NateOtto>	manu: Once we have webDHT, you might be able to have a second polyfill provider. dlongley: there would be some downsides, because your keys in-browser will be stored relative to one polyfill, and it would be hard to transfer them around.
[Tue 11:40:41] <NateOtto>	manu: we expect it to be run for 7-10 years before we can end-of-life the site.
[Tue 11:40:57] <NateOtto>	dlongley: I expect we will be able to do this at some point after browsers implement API natively.
[Tue 11:41:33] <NateOtto>	manu: For those familiar with the Mozilla Persona project, this is similar to what Persona did
[Tue 11:41:53] <NateOtto>	manu: though, we're saying that it should be a federation-run service, not just run by one organization.
[Tue 11:42:03] <NateOtto>	Nate: +1, on move to DIDs.
[Tue 11:42:09] <NateOtto>	Topic: Decentralized Identifiers
[Tue 11:42:19] <manu>	scribenick: manu
[Tue 11:42:51] <NateOtto>	Sounds pretty good to me?
[Tue 11:43:11] <NateOtto>	I can hear you perfectly.
[Tue 11:43:46] <eric>	+1, DIDs!
[Tue 11:43:53] <manu>	dlongley: If you want to be able to link credentials together, and assert that certain credentials are tied to a particular identity - all 7 of these credentials are tied to a particular identity - you need to tie them to an identifier of some kind.
[Tue 11:44:17] <manu>	dlongley: The simplest way to do this as Linked Data, you say that your identifier is a URL. If you use a URL, you can link credentials together and everything will work just fine.
[Tue 11:45:19] <manu>	dlongley: As a person that is using that URL, you have to make sure that the server continues to stay alive over time and you have ownership over that URL for a very very long time. If that URL disappears, so do all of your credentials. You have to get all credentials re-issued to you. That poses a big problem for some credentials - some take a long time to get.
[Tue 11:45:56] <manu>	dlongley: That's one possible problem for using a URL. Another is if you decide to change Identity Providers - better features, current identity provider has been hacked a lot of times, whole variety of reasons you may want to change providers.
[Tue 11:46:20] <manu>	dlongley: If you want to change identity providers, you can't rely on the URL being stable. Another problem with HTTP URLs is "vendor lock-in".
[Tue 11:46:31] <manu>	q+ to mention problem w/ domains and emails as well.
[Tue 11:46:31] <voip-cr>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:47:08] <manu>	dlongley: With these problems in mind, we introduced something called a decentralized identifier (DIDs). It's an identifier that isn't connected to domains.
[Tue 11:47:17] <manu>	dlongley: We want to bury this as much as possible into the infrastructure.
[Tue 11:47:21] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:47:21] <voip-cr>	manu has the floor (to mention problem w/ domains and emails as well.).
[Tue 11:48:39] *	eric_r_korb_ (~eric.korb@ool-6bbc3910.dyn.optonline.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:49:26] <manu>	manu: Keep in mind that this isn't just a problem with URLs, it's also a problem with email addresses. The core of the problem is DNS and domains (and who gets to own the domain).
[Tue 11:49:54] *	victoriano (~victorian@2001:720:c20:cc41::40:58) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:50:04] <manu>	dlongley: One way to frame this problem is to say what we'd really like to have for these identifiers - we'd like to be able to create identifiers that are not connected to any particular piece of content - we don't want hashes of content.
[Tue 11:50:17] *	eric_r_korb (~eric.korb@ool-6bbc3910.dyn.optonline.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:50:28] <manu>	dlongley: We want a piece of text that refers to a particular individual, and people to claim them in a way that doesn't require them to understand the details.
[Tue 11:51:10] <manu>	dlongley: There are a number of technologies that we looked at that don't quite match - for example, content-addressable identifiers - if information about your identity changes, your identifier changes - so that's a problem because you don't want your decentralized identifier to change.
[Tue 11:52:01] *	eric_rubin_korb has quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)
[Tue 11:52:03] <manu>	dlongley: We've looked at blockchain technologies - so, a public ledger is an ok technology to explore, the problem with the way a lot of blockchain technology is implemented, the addresses for people are based on a cryptographic keypair, then your bitcoin address is tied to that keypair. If you lose your key, that's a problem. Even with derived keys it's a problem.
[Tue 11:52:34] <manu>	dlongley: When we're talking about your identity, you can't reissue credentials to a new key very easily - so, stored value in bitcoin blockchain has issues as well and we've thought deeply about that bit as well.
[Tue 11:52:34] *	eric_rubin_korb (~eric.korb@ool-6bbc12b0.dyn.optonline.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:53:01] <manu>	dlongley: There are some issues that don't rule it out as a possible technology - what we want at the end of the day is something called "WebDHT" - we haven't invented it yet, but this is what we want:
[Tue 11:53:49] *	eric_r_korb_ has quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)
[Tue 11:53:51] <manu>	dlongley: You associate a piece of text with a piece of information, you ask the Web Decentralized Hashtable (WebDHT) - you ask it "find my data based on my email address and password hash" - it goes out, via HTTP, and finds the node that has your information.
[Tue 11:54:08] <manu>	dlongley: Once you get your identity document back, that identity document contains your IdP and you can be redirected to it.
[Tue 11:54:52] <manu>	dlongley: We're trying to find a system that works like this, doesn't lock you into a domain, trying to find a technology that matches the needs we outlined above.
[Tue 11:55:07] <NateOtto>	I have a good handful of questions, but I'll defer to others if they've got them.
[Tue 11:55:52] <NateOtto>	manu: Authorization.io is an implementation of the ideas dlongley just talked about. It has what we feel is a good implementation behind it, based on the ideas we've talked about over the last year. Secure, scalable, achieves all the requirements dlongley pointed out.
[Tue 11:56:34] <NateOtto>	dlongley: to clarify: it's an implementation that has the same functional properties of what I described, but we want to decentralize this in the future, let people spin up their own "webDHT" servers to do this work in the future.
[Tue 11:56:34] <eric>	Would that be more like Napster?
[Tue 11:56:45] <manu>	dlongley: authorization.io is a system that has the same functional properties of what I've outlined, but we want to decentralize it even further. To be clear, authorization.io will only last 7-10 years, and over time, the WebDHT technology will live on a number of servers.
[Tue 11:56:49] *	eric_r_korb has quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)
[Tue 11:56:55] <NateOtto>	More like BitTorrent magnet links, perhaps.
[Tue 11:57:19] <manu>	dlongley: It would work similar to Bitcoin, napster - you ask the network "I have this DID, give me the document" and you could get it back.
[Tue 11:57:20] <NateOtto>	(except that those are content-hash based)
[Tue 11:57:50] <NateOtto>	dlongley: There should be no costs for the general public to register and keep DIDs in this system.
[Tue 11:58:03] <NateOtto>	What's a good capitalization of "did"? "dID", "DID"?
[Tue 11:58:04] <manu>	dlongley: You would have ownership over it, there would be no costs associated with it, most folks don't buy domains... we want people to be able to grab identifiers and get into the system w/ decentralized identifiers w/o worry about vendor lockin, who their identity provider is, etc.
[Tue 11:58:32] <manu>	Richard: This is really a re-hash about telecom number portability.
[Tue 11:58:50] <manu>	Richard: If that metaphor is wrong, let me know.
[Tue 11:58:58] <NateOtto>	Except unlike the phone industry, I hope that we don't let some random person who just knows your DID to actually get through to you during dinner.
[Tue 11:59:13] <manu>	dlongley: No, good point and very good metaphor. The main difference has to do w/ cryptographic security over those things.
[Tue 11:59:23] *	manu laughs at NateOtto's comment. Yes, we don't want to enable that.
[Tue 12:01:04] <manu>	dlongley: Because of the cryptographic mechanisms we want to build into this system, the individuals have control over that system. It's your decentralized identifier, you own it, you move it around as you see fit.
[Tue 12:02:04] <bsletten>	+1 on authorization.io and DIDs.
[Tue 12:02:08] <eric>	per richard's point https://accreditrust.s3.amazonaws.com/images/Extracted%20pages%20from%20gr2015.pdf
[Tue 12:02:08] <manu>	Present+ Brian, Rob
[Tue 12:02:33] *	SLee has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 12:02:38] <voip-cr>	Sunny [SIP/142.136.76.105-00000054] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:46] <voip-cr>	Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000004d] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:46] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.4-00000055] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:46] <voip-cr>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-0000004f] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:48] <voip-cr>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000004e] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:49] <voip-cr>	Eric [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000052] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:50] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-00000056] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:52] <NateOtto>	Open Badges in Higher Ed conversation happening now: https://t.co/QY05mswcJE
