[Tue 11:04:19] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Feb/0028.html
[Tue 11:04:19] <manu>	Chair: Varn
[Tue 11:04:36] *	manu has changed the topic to: Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Feb/0028.html
[Tue 11:04:39] *	SeanBohanEvernym (~SeanBohanEvernym@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:04:46] *	Varn (~Varn@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:04:56] *	manu who's scribign?
[Tue 11:05:09] <manu>	scribe: manu
[Tue 11:05:16] <manu>	Varn: Any updates/changes to agenda?
[Tue 11:05:42] <manu>	Varn: We have discussions related to correlatability today.
[Tue 11:05:56] <voip-vctf>	19087694252 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c3] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:07] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to Sean Bohan
[Tue 11:06:29] *	MattLarson (~MattLarson@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:06:32] <manu>	Sean: Recently joined Evernym, Nathan and I have been talking about VCTF. Thanks for having me.
[Tue 11:06:54] <manu>	Varn: Anyone else that's new?
[Tue 11:07:02] <manu>	Silence, no other changes to Agenda.
[Tue 11:07:11] <manu>	Topic: Status of WG Creation
[Tue 11:08:16] <manu>	Manu: No updates from W3C, but there will be some discussions about Verifiable Claims at WWW2017, in Perth, Australia.
[Tue 11:08:27] <manu>	Varn: We're not goign to be sending anyone since this isn't an "official W3C WG" yet.
[Tue 11:08:31] <manu>	Topic: Action Item Review
[Tue 11:08:45] <jonnycrunch>	I did want to finish the discussion from last week regarding subject of the verifiable claim.
[Tue 11:08:48] <manu>	Action Items here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XIRn3VltrK_Dxqz0VyDxPi265sW47EMSKVKUXmMkI70/edit#gid=0
[Tue 11:09:42] <manu>	manu: Github repo for the Verifiable Claims Playground is done, initial playground deployed here: https://w3c-vc.github.io/playground/
[Tue 11:11:04] <jonnycrunch>	nice!  strong work!
[Tue 11:11:19] *	JoeAndrieu (~JoeAndrieu@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:11:26] <SeanBohanEvernym>	Sean: nice work
[Tue 11:11:28] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:11:28] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:11:35] <manu>	manu: The site is very preliminary, but it's there. It needs more work. There is a Web of Trust, Over 21, and Person use case.
[Tue 11:11:53] <manu>	manu: does data normalization, visualization, and digital signatures.
[Tue 11:12:00] <voip-vctf>	Unknown [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c5] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:12:27] <JoeAndrieu>	voip: 1c5 is JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:12:27] <voip-vctf>	Associated JoeAndrieu with SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c5.
[Tue 11:12:31] <erok210>	manu, why is LinkedDataSignature2015 not implemented?
[Tue 11:12:48] <manu>	manu: eric, it was
[Tue 11:13:24] <erok210>	Oh, that's RSA.  thx.
[Tue 11:13:04] *	ChristopherA (~ChristopherA@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:13:16] <manu>	Topic: Face to Face Meetings
[Tue 11:13:30] <manu>	Varn: Face to face meeting opportunities here - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19Ndqc5pLsTu2ZmP4Wy7OlMOmskQFHPh28sMjW3ugsww/edit#gid=0
[Tue 11:13:47] <ChristopherA>	Registration for #RebootingWebOfTrust is up now at https://rwot_paris_april2017.eventbrite.fr
[Tue 11:13:56] <manu>	Varn: We may be looking at June
[Tue 11:14:32] <manu>	Varn: We have two choices in Mountain View, San Antonio is good as well. Please add more meetings. We're taking this off the Agenda for the future. We want to make sure people know where it is, please add to the list from now on.
[Tue 11:14:51] <manu>	Topic: Requirements
[Tue 11:15:05] <manu>	Requirements for the group's work: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tCKHSTFhhGgu4rVDJe4VM2QoCQcNRvx7tNku1Mg8p5Q/edit
[Tue 11:15:22] <manu>	Varn: Make sure that your industry or interest is well represented there.
[Tue 11:16:08] <manu>	Varn: That is what the group is going to prioritize in the near future, and if there isn't a requirement listed on there, it'll be hard to get the requirement added later once we get rolling.
[Tue 11:16:13] <manu>	Varn: Any questions on requirements list?
[Tue 11:16:21] <manu>	q+ to ask if folks feel requirements are met.
[Tue 11:16:21] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:16:26] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:16:27] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to ask if folks feel requirements are met.).
[Tue 11:17:00] *	dezell (~dezell@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:18:27] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 11:18:27] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:18:36] <manu>	manu: Make sure you get your requirements added to the list. If you don't, we may not be able to prioritize your work.
[Tue 11:18:37] *	ChristopherA_ (~ChristopherA@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:18:40] <ChristopherA_>	Q+
[Tue 11:18:45] <manu>	q+ ChristopherA
[Tue 11:18:45] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:19:01] <jonnycrunch>	q+
[Tue 11:19:01] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu, ChristopherA, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:19:08] <manu>	Varn: For example, how is PII protected, what's the requirement there? How can you find people that have claims, assuming they want to be found.
[Tue 11:20:07] <manu>	Varn: We may want to know how credentials are being used by customer, for example, education industry.
[Tue 11:20:22] <manu>	Varn: Badge Alliance, IMS Global, don't know if all of those have been brought in.
[Tue 11:20:27] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:20:27] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu, ChristopherA, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:20:32] <manu>	ack JoeAndrieu 
[Tue 11:20:32] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 11:20:47] <Varn>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:20:47] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:22:09] <voip-vctf>	17278084918 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c6] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:22:16] <dezell>	voip: 01c6 is me
[Tue 11:22:16] <voip-vctf>	Associated dezell with SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c6.
[Tue 11:22:40] *	dezell apologies for being late
[Tue 11:22:45] <Varn>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:22:45] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:22:49] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: I need to go through this, will respond to the list, especially w/ Refugee Crisis. Question about process, don't we keep working on these?
[Tue 11:22:52] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-000001c7] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:22:59] <ShaneM>	present+ ShaneM
[Tue 11:23:00] <manu>	Manu: Yes, but we need a list of requirements now, and then prioritize.
[Tue 11:23:00] <dezell>	present+ dezell
[Tue 11:23:06] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:23:06] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:23:12] <ShaneM>	voip: 01c7 is me
[Tue 11:23:12] <voip-vctf>	Associated ShaneM with SIP/callcentric.com-000001c7.
[Tue 11:23:29] <manu>	q+ to note that we're getting ready to come to the end of use cases, requirements, we need to move forward.
[Tue 11:23:30] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: jonnycrunch, manu
[Tue 11:23:57] <manu>	ChristopherA: Don't we need to analyze use cases, then get requirements, pick use case per week, have people read use case in advance per week or something.
[Tue 11:24:45] <manu>	ChristopherA: Given what seems to be happening, charter and purpose, requirements that we can't define. Like, requirement that this stuff can be encrypted, but that's not part of our charter, our charter is the data format, not the signature mechanism, not anti-correlation mechanism, we need to divide up some of the requirements.
[Tue 11:25:07] *	ChristopherA has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:25:08] <manu>	ChristopherA: We need to make sure we pass upstream, in order for VC to function, it needs requirements X, Y, and Z, from systems that they exist in.
[Tue 11:25:38] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000001c8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:25:38] <manu>	Varn: We have discussed this, the use cases should individually inform the generic, we don't have use case for every possible use of this. We need to make sure we don't gather unique things, more broadly capturable things.
[Tue 11:26:05] <manu>	Varn: We want to incorporate, leave placeholders for stuff that may be out of scope, but call it out.
[Tue 11:26:16] <Varn>	ack jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:26:16] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has the floor.
[Tue 11:26:22] <manu>	Varn: The model has to reflect the importance of this stuff, point to areas that need further work.
[Tue 11:26:30] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:26:30] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:26:47] *	amigus_ (~Adam@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:27:20] <manu>	jonnycrunch: Thinking along the line wrt. revoking the claim, primary subject, comment is tangential - the ability to refute the claim - example is "I have to be a triple board certified position", certified in pediatrics, oncology... has to do with the requirements.
[Tue 11:27:37] <Varn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:27:37] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note that we're getting ready to come to the end of use cases, requirements, we need to move forward.).
[Tue 11:28:23] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:28:23] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:29:27] *	ChristopherA (~ChristopherA@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:29:35] <Varn>	Manu need to focus on the needs of the implementer and not focus too much on the use cases
[Tue 11:29:36] <ChristopherA>	Q+
[Tue 11:29:41] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:29:41] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:29:56] <ShaneM>	+1 to doing concrete things
[Tue 11:30:10] <Varn>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:30:10] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:31:31] <Varn>	ChristopherA there is a lot of stuff like searching for claims that is out of scope and we have a long list of those that are needed for the system to work that are out of scope.  Need to say here are requirements that are not ours but we need to be able to work with them
[Tue 11:31:37] <manu>	ChristopherA: I can understand the desire to implement, but I do have a concern, there are a lot of things that are needed in order to do what we need to do. Things like protocols, requesting or searching for claims - those are out of scope. Anti-correlation methods out of scope, signatures out of scope, timestamps out of scope, long list of things for the system to work that are out of scope. We need to be able to say - in order to implement these data standards external to the group, here are things that need to happen. There are certain things we could do improperly/without forethought, that could make things more correlatable.
[Tue 11:31:49] <manu>	ChristopherA: I don't know what the process is to differentiate these categories.
[Tue 11:31:55] <manu>	q+ to discuss how this stuff is typically handled.
[Tue 11:31:55] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:32:13] <Varn>	ack manyu
[Tue 11:32:13] <voip-vctf>	manyu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:32:17] <Varn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:32:17] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to discuss how this stuff is typically handled.).
[Tue 11:33:44] *	ChristopherA_ has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:33:45] <Varn>	manu  put them all in and we will move them to a section that says others are dealing with it, not us, later
[Tue 11:34:48] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:34:48] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:34:51] <manu>	ChristopherA: I'm more worried about the protocol work items that are outside of the group, we should be able to get data format done quickly.
[Tue 11:35:03] <manu>	q+ to mention I added "protocol requirements'
[Tue 11:35:03] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:35:41] <Varn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:35:41] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to mention I added "protocol requirements').
[Tue 11:35:45] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:35:45] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:35:48] <jonnycrunch>	it would also be good to make some definitions
[Tue 11:36:04] <manu>	Topic: Correlatability of Usage Patterns
[Tue 11:36:26] <manu>	Varn: What do we need to fill in the data model specs, we need a data model, we need proposed text, discussing this is helpful. This is the end we need to achieve.
[Tue 11:36:38] *	ChristopherA has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:36:43] <manu>	Varn: We have had some decent discussion, what does it take to write the language we need to go into the data model spec.
[Tue 11:36:50] <manu>	Varn: What is holding us up?
[Tue 11:36:57] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 11:36:57] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:37:09] <Varn>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:37:09] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 11:37:38] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: Part of what happened is that I looked at issue, which is about a specific section, after the discussion, the privacy considerations section didn't flow with what I wanted to write. The scope became bigger and indigestible.
[Tue 11:37:52] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: Who drafted that first pass? Can I understand the direction?
[Tue 11:38:45] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: What's the framing here? The task seems to be suggest changes throughout 5... 
[Tue 11:38:52] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:38:52] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:39:28] <manu>	https://opencreds.github.io/vc-data-model/#identifier-based-correlation
[Tue 11:40:46] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:40:46] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:43:12] <manu>	Manu: Focus specifically on the section in the issue tracker.
[Tue 11:44:08] <manu>	Joe: Yes, that's helpful. My meta-concern is that this may not be the best way to get this written. We had set out to sign up and write a section, we aren't getting people to do that. That's how I struggled with it, I can get paragraphs together. Is this the right way to get them fleshed out.
[Tue 11:44:38] <manu>	Varn: We'll get this fleshed out on the next call, make sure task is appropriately defined.
[Tue 11:45:11] <manu>	Varn: I know we talked a bit about this in the past, correlatability required by law, are you covering both? Mandate where you are focusing?
[Tue 11:45:52] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: Even if you are trying to avoid correlatability, you can be correlated via usage patterns. Because of how you use it, you are being correlated.
[Tue 11:46:12] <manu>	Varn: Some of correlation of usage, you can detect fraud, drug abuse, and correlatability is important.
[Tue 11:46:41] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:46:41] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:47:03] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: That is a point that came out of prescription scenario, usage pattern element, maybe I should cover that here. Let me try and weave that in.
[Tue 11:47:23] <jonnycrunch>	q+
[Tue 11:47:23] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has been added to the queue: jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:47:30] <manu>	Varn: What would be required to finish this item. This discussion is what's valuable, use this as a model case. Let's focus on this type of work.
[Tue 11:47:38] <Varn>	ack jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:47:38] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has the floor.
[Tue 11:48:47] <manu>	jonnycrunch: This is about potential re-identification, uniquely identified, this is not unintended, it's purposefully reidentification. In the issue tracker, my comment was about Govenor Weld from Massachusetts. Ability to re-identify...
[Tue 11:49:06] <manu>	jonnycrunch: The topic is about usage patterns. Usage patterns by whom?
[Tue 11:49:09] <manu>	q+ to note "who"
[Tue 11:49:09] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:49:56] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: There are two use cases where, in wells case, wells doesn't want to be reidentified. In other case, prescription use case, we need to allow for that.
[Tue 11:50:40] <manu>	jonnycrunch: Privacy concern is, what we perceived as reidentified - false sense of security. 43 year old male from zip 32423, using voting registration will know how I voted in last election because I bought something.
[Tue 11:50:43] *	JohnTib has quit ("Textual IRC Client: www.textualapp.com")
[Tue 11:50:50] <voip-vctf>	John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-000001b6] has left the conference.

[Tue 11:51:01] <manu>	q?
[Tue 11:51:01] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:51:02] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:51:02] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:51:07] <Varn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:51:07] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note "who").
[Tue 11:52:33] <voip-vctf>	17278084918 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c9] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:52:49] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:52:49] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:52:52] <dezell>	voip: 01c9 is me
[Tue 11:52:53] <voip-vctf>	Associated dezell with SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c9.
[Tue 11:53:01] <jonnycrunch>	Then, I think the Gov Weld example is good to reference as an example of "usage pattern".
[Tue 11:53:14] <manu>	Manu: Sometimes when you're correlated it's good, other times it's bad, talk about both.
[Tue 11:54:05] <manu>	Varn: Sometimes it's legal to do, sometimes it's illegal - you can add modifiers, surprise/disadvantage of person still exposed. Other regimes that discuss this, bring those factors in, what would be relevant to different cases, government may be prevented, reporters might be breaking HIPAA, etc.
[Tue 11:54:14] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:54:14] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:54:14] <manu>	Varn: Legal authorization vs. non-legal usage.
[Tue 11:54:29] <manu>	Varn: Joe do you have what you need to get some language together for this?
[Tue 11:54:40] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: I think I'm good, I'll have something on Github soon.
[Tue 11:54:50] <manu>	Varn: Thank you, helpful. Any comments on this type of topic? 
[Tue 11:54:58] <jonnycrunch>	I also like:  "intentional" and "unintentional", "not intended by the system" and "authorized" and "unauthorized"
[Tue 11:55:10] <manu>	+1 to those terms and using them in the document.
[Tue 11:55:27] <Varn>	ack jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:55:27] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:55:34] <manu>	Topic: Primary or Secondary Subject
[Tue 11:57:00] <manu>	jonnycrunch: As a physician, there are many different companies out there that monetize claims, some of those claims are erroneous. Because I've worked in pediatric hospitals, they infer that I'm board certified even though I'm not... more about revoking claims vs. refuting. In the model, the way primary identifier is used, NPI number is used. Certification matters, but it's interesting because companies make money by suggesting using other claims.
[Tue 11:57:16] <manu>	ChristopherA: There are a lot of issues here.
[Tue 11:57:28] <manu>	q+ to ask if this is a "refute claim" thing?
[Tue 11:57:28] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:57:41] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:57:41] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:57:46] <Varn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:57:46] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to ask if this is a "refute claim" thing?).
[Tue 11:57:52] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 11:57:52] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:59:03] <manu>	ChristopherA: I like this concept of reputation, but it's companion is the other side of it, knowing more about the claims themselves. Question of being able to put evidence into the claim, relying on other parties.
[Tue 11:59:34] <manu>	ChristopherA: Noah and Harlan called it "evidence", that is going to come up more. When people are not the first party to the claim, but they are the only party that can issue it.
[Tue 12:00:01] *	dezell has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:00:08] <manu>	ChristopherA: Sometimes because of liability they can/can't issue. We want to be able to model that, for people that are responsible, best practice for a claim such that it allows for these sorts of things to be differentiated.
[Tue 12:00:58] <Varn>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:00:58] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 12:00:59] <manu>	Varn: We don't want to get into challenging claims, we want the ability to say "refute" - we'll put it on the Agenda.
[Tue 12:01:03] <voip-vctf>	15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001ca] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:01:21] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: My first response is, reputation is a statement about claims, this maps to "things that a subject must be able to do".
[Tue 12:01:33] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: We don't say that "users are allowed to do X, Y, and Z in the system"
[Tue 12:01:49] <manu>	Varn: Reputation or alternative use - we need a place in the data model... 
[Tue 12:01:55] <manu>	Varn: vs. overall process.
[Tue 12:02:06] <jonnycrunch>	issues:  1.)  Subject of the claim  2.) ability to Refute 3.)  Does the entity making the claim have the authority to make the claim?         I'll add my thoughts to the requirements.
[Tue 12:02:09] <manu>	ChristopherA: Please don't put reputation on the next call, in two weeks.
[Tue 12:02:09] <manu>	Present: kellogg, lake, sporny, lehn, trainer, andrieu, nage, bohan, varn, holt, korb, mccarron, dezell, migus, larson
