[Tue 11:04:26] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Jun/0074.html
[Tue 11:04:33] <NateOtto>	scribenick: NateOtto
[Tue 11:04:33] <NateOtto>	manu: Let's get started
[Tue 11:05:01] <NateOtto>	manu: Today is mostly a sync-up. A lot of things have happened over the last week, and today we can figure out what next steps are based on what's happened over the last week and a half
[Tue 11:05:37] <manu>	Topic: Web Payments IG face-to-face in NYC
[Tue 11:05:49] <NateOtto>	manu: Today: a recap of the Web Payments face to face in New York, and a couple announcements from the Badge Alliance about events happening there over the last couple weeks, and an update on a renewed recruiting focus.
[Tue 11:05:50] <voip-cr>	16092160944 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000038] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:09] <NateOtto>	manu: We had three discussions about credentials at the face to face. Thanks to Richard and Eric for coming. It really helped to have them in the room.
[Tue 11:06:14] <manu>	voip: 0038 is Laura
[Tue 11:06:14] <voip-cr>	Associated Laura with SIP/69.71.222.196-00000038.
[Tue 11:06:52] <NateOtto>	manu: Unfortunately, I don't think the credentials discussion went very well. Let me start off by saying the plan was to talk about use cases around credentials that were specifically related to payments.
[Tue 11:07:24] <NateOtto>	manu: We started discussing that, but the discussion was quickly derailed by some new payments members who weren't familiar with any of the credentials work
[Tue 11:07:51] <NateOtto>	manu: The initial conversation around credentials were that they should not be put in the critical path for payments
[Tue 11:08:02] <NateOtto>	manu: We had some resistence from Apple and Mozilla in particular
[Tue 11:08:23] <NateOtto>	manu: We almost immediately hit stiff opposition because some of the new members were not familiar with the work.
[Tue 11:08:41] <NateOtto>	manu: What they thought we were proposing was to put credentials in the critical path of the payments work
[Tue 11:08:46] <voip-cr>	Eric [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000036] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:08:59] <NateOtto>	manu: Once we started heading down that path of conversation, it was very difficult to get everybody back on track
[Tue 11:09:17] <NateOtto>	manu: Eric and Richard were able to jump in and say credentials are important for education, for health care.
[Tue 11:09:50] <NateOtto>	manu: the other group that wanted to see the credentials work succeed were the long term payments group members, including the banks who are familiar with the identity/credentials problem
[Tue 11:10:04] <NateOtto>	manu: it was decided to discuss credentials again in the breakout session the 2nd day
[Tue 11:10:27] <NateOtto>	manu: within 5 minutes, the breakout group decided that credentials should proceed in parallel, that a working group should be formed.
[Tue 11:11:18] <NateOtto>	manu: we brought that conclusion to the main group (that a credentials group should be formed, that it should be done in parallel). Requested time on the third day to talk about credentials then. Staff contacts felt that the new members in the room had already talked about it enough and it shouldn't be added to the agenda
[Tue 11:11:50] <voip-cr>	19088126557 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000003c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:12:19] <NateOtto>	manu: staff heard loud and clear that people were interested in credentials but thought that the group was split. Manu disagrees with this conclusion, and thinks that the actual proposal that's on the table would be agreeable to those members, that their resistance was to something nobody was proposing.
[Tue 11:12:19] <voip-cr>	19088126557 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000003c] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:12:41] <voip-cr>	15012911599 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000003d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:12:52] <NateOtto>	manu: the good news is that people believe the the credentials stuff is something the w3c should do at some point (in the next year), but they weren't able to get that down as a consensus decision of the whole group.
[Tue 11:13:24] <NateOtto>	Richard: given that we didn't ever envision this as an integral part of the payments part, why are we talking to them as if they are the approval entity when this is really a w3c decision to make?
[Tue 11:14:02] <NateOtto>	manu: They actually do need credentials/identity verification in payments work. European banks particularly see this as a hard requirement.
[Tue 11:14:38] <NateOtto>	manu: the other reason is because the Payments Interest Group is an official group whose charter includes the ability to propose new working groups to start. They can fast track the charter through w3c management.
[Tue 11:15:05] <NateOtto>	manu: If we decide not to involve them, we have to do the full w3c process, which would take a full year or so, when we wanted it up and running by october ideally.
[Tue 11:16:10] <NateOtto>	manu: This isn't to say we haven't been making good progress.
[Tue 11:16:29] <NateOtto>	manu: If we had made the ideal progress at this meeting, an interest group would be created, which would be doing the same work that we're already doing.
[Tue 11:17:38] <manu>	voip: 3d is MattStone
[Tue 11:17:38] <voip-cr>	Associated MattStone with SIP/69.71.222.196-0000003d.
[Tue 11:17:46] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to Matt Stone
[Tue 11:18:15] <voip-cr>	17036833453 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000003e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:18:25] <NateOtto>	stone: I just rang in. I'm with Pearson. The division I'm with is PearsonVue, which deals with high security testing in brick and mortar facilities for high stakes assessments, nursing, accountings etc.
[Tue 11:19:15] <NateOtto>	stone: We have a startup within Pearson called Acclaim that is using the Mozilla Open Badges Specification, and we also have an application called Credential Manager. I run the group in charge of Acclaim and Credential Manager at Pearson.
[Tue 11:19:40] <manu>	voip: 3e is Eric
[Tue 11:19:40] <voip-cr>	Associated Eric with SIP/69.71.222.196-0000003e.
[Tue 11:19:53] <NateOtto>	manu: We reached out to Matt & Pearson to see if they're interested in taking a leadership role with the potential working group that could be formed at the W3C.
[Tue 11:17:46] <manu>	Topic: Current Status of Credentials at W3C
[Tue 11:20:51] <NateOtto>	manu: The last bit at the face to face, was that there was a roundtable on the last day, with large financial institutions that after they finished the presentation said that they didn't see anything about credentials / identity on there, and that's their #1 priority.
[Tue 11:21:34] <NateOtto>	manu: to wrap up, the mistake that I made was underestimating the amount of influence the new members would have, particularly if they didn't understand the proposal. Because there was such a large group in the room (40 or so), it was difficult to combat that.
[Tue 11:22:05] <NateOtto>	manu: As far as next steps, I have calls scheduled with staff contacts. WIll propose something about identity and credentialing in Japan at TPAC.
[Tue 11:22:24] <NateOtto>	manu: It would be good to have something there (a mini workshop etc), because we'll have 500 people there
[Tue 11:24:31] <NateOtto>	eric: (sorry missed a little bit there) - The frustration for me was that during breakouts/lunch/dinner, there was a lot of support for credentials, but people just didn't speak up.
[Tue 11:25:01] <NateOtto>	eric: but that's the standards process, and it's not going to deter us. Richard and I did pursue to Manu that a stronger place we could go could be IMS Global.
[Tue 11:25:23] <NateOtto>	eric: That could potentially position us in a stronger place. But it really comes down to getting the support from the stakeholders.
[Tue 11:25:49] <NateOtto>	eric: I think we continue to work, continue to work with IMS, Badge Alliance, and stay the course.
[Tue 11:26:18] <NateOtto>	Richard: Let me pile on. There are two kinds of people who spoke up in opposition: vested interests in doing something different, and another guy who didn't know much about anything and overstated everything.
[Tue 11:26:59] <voip-cr>	Rob [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000002e] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:27:29] <NateOtto>	Richard: How is consensus defined? I'd rather work in a place where you ask "who objects to this and why"? Why not ask the group between meetings? .. if you object to this, what would you have it do instead?"
[Tue 11:27:59] <NateOtto>	Richard: I like the vote strategy -- think IMS Global presents opportunities to do stuff with credentials that W3C doesn't.Maybe with a yes-and in a health-care specific forum
[Tue 11:28:22] <NateOtto>	manu: If W3C doesn't see people knocking on his door, tell me where his door is, and we'll knock on it.
[Tue 11:29:52] <NateOtto>	manu: W3C process doesn't require 100% consensus. Unfortunately in the pre-consensus process, we got tied up and never got past it. What I was trying to do by day 3 was to at least collect some kind of consensus position from the group, and we were blocked from doing that group. Mainly because the group to there was to figure out what the payments charter would be, and they removed everything noncritical from their path to that which included the credentials stuff.
[Tue 11:30:06] <NateOtto>	Richard: Is there an interim process? Can we ask between meetings?
[Tue 11:30:14] <NateOtto>	manu: Yes, but it takes longer in the interirm
[Tue 11:30:21] <NateOtto>	stone: Is the next opportunity TPAC?
[Tue 11:30:38] <SLee>	question: previously we were talking about fast track status to a working group - what happens to the planning work we've done to make this happen?
[Tue 11:30:43] <NateOtto>	manu: The next opportunity is the next couple weeks. I'm going to go back to the (mailing list) and start pushing them to come up with some kind of consensus.
[Tue 11:31:14] <NateOtto>	manu: at TPAC it would be good to shoot for the first Credential WG meeting
[Tue 11:31:55] <NateOtto>	manu: I think if we can create a charter by August, focus on recruiting effort particularly strongly, we could still make the TPAC start.
[Tue 11:32:06] <SLee>	manu, yes that's my question
[Tue 11:32:22] <NateOtto>	manu: we can use a lot of the work we've been doing.
[Tue 11:32:33] <NateOtto>	manu: we're doing the work that an IG would be doing right now, if it were created
[Tue 11:32:45] <NateOtto>	manu: Whether we're on the fast track or slow track, the same work is still necessary
[Tue 11:32:45] *	stone (49d97ae1@gateway/web/freenode/ip.73.217.122.225) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:33:01] <NateOtto>	manu: The only real remaining thing to do to see if we can do a fast track WG, is to get the groups in.
[Tue 11:33:57] <NateOtto>	manu: Richard, to answer your question about what the w3c ceo cares about, he cares about new large members. The W3C doesn't like chartering new groups unless they can see success, and the metric is about 30 organizations interested.
[Tue 11:34:24] <dlongley>	NateOtto: Could you give me an idea, I think you put recruiting on the agenda a bit later, could you give us some basic TODOs on what the people on the call can do to make the process happen?
[Tue 11:34:27] <NateOtto>	manu: Let's talk about recruiting at the last part of the call
[Tue 11:34:42] <NateOtto>	manu: Let's get an update from the BA, and then talk about recruiting
[Tue 11:34:51] <NateOtto>	manu: Any more Qs on face to face?
[Tue 11:34:53] <manu>	Topic: Badge Alliance updates
[Tue 11:35:06] <manu>	scribenick: manu
[Tue 11:36:01] <manu>	Nate: I can give you minor updates - on June 10th in Los Angles, MacArthur and Mozilla Foundation convened a meeting - contracted w/ Concentric Sky to get badges ecosystem together - and others by conference call - goal was to figure out how MacArthur/Mozilla would support Badge Alliance going forward.
[Tue 11:36:49] <manu>	Nate: Digital media and learning portfolio was spun out of MacArthur - start being core supporter of badges - all badge work came from DML portfolio, that's going to be a NewOrg - start process of recommendations - transition point - what can we do to make sure Badge Alliance most effectively supports necessary work going forward.
[Tue 11:37:10] <manu>	Nate: I've been reaching out to folks on this call - how badge alliance needs to act - what they need to focus on in order to ensure the right supports for developing the standard are built.
[Tue 11:37:51] <manu>	Nate: I think we're going to do greater focus on technical standard itself. Done a great job of bringing in use cases, need to deliver on high-quality experiences and implementations - very nicely interoperable - support for W3C group - whatever this work needs to happen - BA needs to support that as well.
[Tue 11:38:23] <manu>	Nate: I'm writing up recommendations for NewOrg - there will be future announcements coming out - strongly committed to making badges and online verifiable credential a part of online educational requirements.
[Tue 11:38:30] <manu>	Sunny: Yep, sounds good.
[Tue 11:38:46] <manu>	Nate: If anyone is interested - Badges community has meeting at 9am Pacific 
[Tue 11:38:53] <manu>	Nate: Will talk about this a bit this week and next week.
[Tue 11:39:08] <manu>	Manu: When will the full announcement be made?
[Tue 11:39:12] <manu>	Nate: In a couple of weeks.
[Tue 11:39:25] <manu>	Nate: A little bit of wayfinding going on at the moment. 
[Tue 11:39:44] <manu>	Topic: Focus on Recruiting New Members
[Tue 11:39:47] <manu>	scribenick: NateOtto
[Tue 11:40:00] *	eric_r_korb (~eric.korb@173-166-161-61-washingtondc.hfc.comcastbusiness.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:40:02] <NateOtto>	manu: Nate's question was what can people on this list do to help recruit?
[Tue 11:40:04] <voip-cr>	14057083343 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000003f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:40:26] <NateOtto>	manu: where we were was drafting this recruiting letter, which is not done yet. We need to get that done. That's one option.
[Tue 11:40:42] *	rtrainer (~rob@173-166-161-61-washingtondc.hfc.comcastbusiness.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:40:51] *	bshambaugh (~brent@adsl-107-196-157-10.dsl.okcyok.sbcglobal.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:41:01] <NateOtto>	manu: The other option is that people in this group can take the base of the recruiting letter and send it to orgs they know, tailored as needed for each of those groups. Divide and conquor approach, everyone chases the leads they have.
[Tue 11:41:21] <NateOtto>	eric: A pointer, I'm more in favor of trying to craft your own letter.
[Tue 11:41:47] <NateOtto>	eric: I see this more as a personal invitations at a peer to peer (rolodex) level. What concerns about consistency and message do we need to be aware of from a w3c process level?
[Tue 11:42:04] *	manu NateOtto - that's Matt Stone
[Tue 11:42:38] <manu>	Open Credentials Executive Summary: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Nq543-Am1hQUIZ2hhzAFl8KexvIEBwDDc_f3Ikz1opQ/edit
[Tue 11:42:44] <NateOtto>	Matt: I think you're right -- let's get these down to a list of 3-5 value propositions that we can each use to craft letters to people we know
[Tue 11:43:07] <manu>	Current recruiting list: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1u0DC4U7jAayv1IvOY2qu7nMRtiFOPxwCT3BkPJek5ho/edit
[Tue 11:45:08] <NateOtto>	eric: Question: I heard a comment about multiple people both hitting the same prospects? Should we try to avoid that. I thought the idea we could sign up for people we hoped to recruit. I think it's ok to hear stereo from multiple people you trust, but wanted to make sure that would be ok
[Tue 11:45:57] <NateOtto>	manu: I think we shouldn't have people hammering one company with four people contacting them at one time, so sign up to chase after an organization, chase after them, and if you hit a point wher eyou're not getting a good response, we'll figure out how to hand it off to someone else in the group
[Tue 11:46:36] <manu>	Nate: I'm fine with that - move quickly - on weekly calls - update on recruiting - update on handoff - make sure letters are going out at a reasonable speed.
[Tue 11:47:12] <NateOtto>	manu: Ok
[Tue 11:47:22] <NateOtto>	manu: Any other comments/concerns about recruiting stuff
[Tue 11:47:36] <NateOtto>	stone: What kinds of organizations are we trying to target for this?
[Tue 11:48:18] <NateOtto>	manu: The organizations that are the kind that will be convincing to W3C. Large, multinational orgs with big engineering resoruces. That's what W3C wants to see.
[Tue 11:48:50] <NateOtto>	manu: From a statistical perspective, the orgs that actually get the work done are smaller orgs, less than 50 people, who have skin in the game because credentials are a core part of their business.
[Tue 11:49:16] <NateOtto>	stone: When we're talking to the larger groups, do we have the expectation from them to be a lot more from them than being a voice in the chorus?
[Tue 11:50:04] <NateOtto>	manu: The message we really send to large organizations are that the dues are a secondary thing. The core is that this tech is going to be a core part of your next generation products. If you can't find a way to make that argument to a company, you probably don't have the right company.
[Tue 11:51:09] <NateOtto>	manu: For example, for ETS or Pearson, it's clear that credentials and identity will be core to their next generation products. We know that there is some product line that is going to be affected by the work that's going here. You should really take the time to be involved in the work, so you know how to be involved in it when it comes to building your future products.
[Tue 11:51:25] <NateOtto>	Richard: We have an ecosystem map of types of companies involved if that would be helpful
[Tue 11:51:40] <NateOtto>	manu: Eric has put this graphic into some presentations
[Tue 11:51:59] <NateOtto>	Richard: that lends some structure to the discussion.
[Tue 11:52:41] <NateOtto>	Richard: Then if nobody knows a person from some of the companies in the map, we can just split them up and talk to them
[Tue 11:53:00] <NateOtto>	Richard: You might find that there are some company types that you'd be surprised care about this.
[Tue 11:53:20] <NateOtto>	manu: I think at this point we should try to coordinate less, and just start going after leads.
[Tue 11:54:17] <NateOtto>	Nate: question - Is there room for people in credentialing organizations, the actual issuers?
[Tue 11:54:49] <NateOtto>	manu: Yes, there is great reason for folks on the business side, consumer protection, etc. Try to get a holistic group of people together to work on the standard, not just technology providers.
[Tue 11:55:30] <NateOtto>	eric: It's fair to say that for educational institutions would be good to have here as well.
[Tue 11:56:34] <NateOtto>	manu: the problem we've had with universities is they find it really hard to send representatives to participate in the work. The people who end up showing up are graduate students, who tend only to stick around for a couple years before they get their pHDs and leave. You're right that the fees are very low for a university to join, and if the university is involved in the future of crednetials and badging, then it makes perfect sense for them to join.
[Tue 11:57:09] <NateOtto>	manu: 4 minutes left. Unless anyone objects, I think we're going to shift into recruiting mode, and get as many people involved in the work as possible.
[Tue 11:57:33] <NateOtto>	manu: goal is to convince the w3c that there is a large community of people who want this to happen quickly.
[Tue 11:58:09] <NateOtto>	dlongley: Is the goal for these companies to contact the w3c directly or to make commitments to us that we can communicate to the W3C?
[Tue 11:58:24] <NateOtto>	manu: the second approach. Jeff would hate me if we told everybody to email him directly.
[Tue 11:59:10] <NateOtto>	manu: Any other business?
[Tue 11:59:43] <NateOtto>	manu: Thank you everyone for the call and the ideas and helping to step up and recruit people. I think, let's start ASAP. If the next thing you do after you get off this call is pick up the phone to recruit someone, that would be great.
[Tue 11:59:51] <voip-cr>	SunnyLee [SIP/142.136.76.105-00000037] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:59:52] <voip-cr>	Richard [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000034] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:59:53] <voip-cr>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000031] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:59:54] <voip-cr>	Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.160-0000002f] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:59:54] <voip-cr>	MattStone [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000003d] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:59:54] <voip-cr>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000033] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:59:55] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-00000035] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:59:55] <voip-cr>	Eric [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000003e] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:59:56] <voip-cr>	Brent [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000003f] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:59:56] <voip-cr>	Laura [SIP/23.171.167.126-0000003g] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:59:59] <NateOtto>	manu: Next week: an update on recruiting, and see everyone on the mailing list in the interim.
[Tue 11:59:59] <NateOtto>	Present+ Rob, Lehn, Laura, gregg, brent, 
