[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	scribe: dlongley
[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	Date: 2017-05-03
[Tue 11:13:10] <stonematt>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Apr/0084.html
[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	stonematt: Any newcomers that haven't introduced themselves yet?
[Tue 11:13:10] <stonematt>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	Topic: Finalize CG Reports, hand-off to WG
[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	stonematt: We've got some booking keeping and clean up to do for the WG. To get a crisp hand off point for the docs that are in flight right now (data model spec and use cases).
[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	stonematt: When the WG begins we can inherit the CG's doc and we need a clear start for attribution and IPR, etc.
[Tue 11:13:10] <voip-vctf>	has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	stonematt: There are some PRs going and we have some open issues. We need to figure out as a group where we declare that these are the docs that the WG should begin with.
[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	stonematt: We probably want the WG to take over the docs at that point.
[Tue 11:13:10] <voip-vctf>	has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:13:10] <voip-vctf>	has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	manu: I can speak a bit to that.
[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	manu: Last night I went ahead and prepped two final CG docs, they don't have to be the actual final docs. We've pulled in everything but one final PR that doesn't have any IPR in it, it's a non-normative section.
[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	manu: At this point we can freeze the docs and ask for IPR commitments. Typically this group decides that we want to freeze the docs. Then there's an interface on the CG site that can say "these are the final specs" and the chairs can do that.
[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	manu: The group freezes the docs, the editors prep them, and then we wait a bit and then the chairs publish the docs through the CG site and we ask for anyone who has contributed content to the specs. That is anyone who has done PRs to the spec.
[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	manu: They must explicitly release IPR -- they've already implicitly done this, we are just gathering explicit ones. We're past the point where we should be that concerned where IPR slips into these docs that we don't want in there, but the final report is an explicit statement saying that content is released to W3C and their patent free policy, etc.
[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	manu: So we want the handoff to be really clean. The final CG specs are done, if anyone on the call believes that we get something else important into the speak they should speak up now or on the mailing list. If we don't hear from anyone, the chairs should publish the final reports and then we get commitments from everyone who contributed. Takes 2-4 weeks and I think we can get it done before the WG spins up.
[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	manu: Any questions?
[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	stonematt: You did it for the both the data model and the use case doc?
[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, I sent an email to the mailing list last night with the static doc locations, those are frozen, the files don't change.
[Tue 11:13:10] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:13:10] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: The data document does not provide anything about signature formats or anything of that nature.
[Tue 11:13:10] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, but to be clear, the WG can do whatever they want to these specs as long as it's in charter. The WG can decide to add/remove whatever from the specs.
[Tue 11:13:27] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: The design spec wise, is that we say that the recommended signature formats are in a separate document or ?
[Tue 11:13:34] <dlongley>	manu: That's up to the WG to decide. That's a conversation for them.
[Tue 11:13:48] <dlongley>	manu: The charter says we have to recommend signature formats that we believe work with Verifiable Claims, so we'll do that in the WG.
[Tue 11:13:52] <dlongley>	manu: That's my expectation.
[Tue 11:14:04] <dlongley>	manu: Did that make sense?
[Tue 11:14:35] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: Yes, I'd like to get the data format done and stylistically/architecture wise mention future signature mechanisms, specs, etc. We can decide that later as you said.
[Tue 11:14:36] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:14:36] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:15:18] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: I'm at crypto this week and I've been talking about long term signatures, the only thing that satisfies that are hash signatures, which are huge. Things for marriage certs/college degrees, etc. I want to make sure we can talk about those things later.
[Tue 11:15:50] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, we can. My expectation is that VC won't mandate that you must use, for example RSA, we'd allow the entity that's issuing the VC what algorithms/mechanisms work best for the types of claims they are issuing.
[Tue 11:16:20] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: I think we need more than just that. It's one thing that you're talking about a claim that's renewable for a period of time but there may be sub cases where you have to talk about why you should use one signature over another.
[Tue 11:17:40] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, like a signatures best practices document. Privacy considerations may also need its own document because it may take a lot more space than the data model itself. The same could be true for signature formats/best practices, etc. Typically the way this happens in the doc is that you put it in the main doc and it grows until it's unwieldy and the WG agrees to move it to a separate spec. The WG decides what to produce, the charter is only a guide for that, as long as the work is in scope you can produce more docs.
[Tue 11:17:44] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:17:44] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:17:50] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:17:50] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:18:16] <dlongley>	stonematt: Ok, thanks, Manu for the overview and what to expect. Can we take down some actions to make sure we get this done over the next 2 weeks?
[Tue 11:19:14] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, first, the proposal is to publish the two links that I sent out last night as the final report. The chairs need to put forward a proposal and we should +1/-1 on the call today and we can proceed as long as there are no objections. We need to do the same on the mailing list and give people a week to object. If there are no objections after that the chairs can publish them as the final reports on the CG site.
[Tue 11:19:14] <dlongley>	manu: Verifiable Claims Use Cases (CG Final Report) -  https://opencreds.github.io/vc-use-cases/CGFR/2017-05-01/
[Tue 11:19:14] <dlongley>	manu: Verifiable Claims Data Model and Representations (CG Final Report) - https://opencreds.github.io/vc-data-model/CGFR/2017-05-01/
[Tue 11:19:49] <gkellogg>	voip: 439 is me
[Tue 11:19:49] <voip-vctf>	Associated gkellogg with SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000439.
[Tue 11:20:06] *	dlongley do we care about the remaining PR?
[Tue 11:20:07] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000439] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:20:36] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:20:36] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: stonematt, dlongley
[Tue 11:21:16] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-0000043b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:21:20] <voip-vctf>	14156868603 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000043a] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:21:24] <gkellogg>	voip: 43a is me
[Tue 11:21:24] <voip-vctf>	Associated gkellogg with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000043a.
[Tue 11:21:25] <dlongley>	stonematt: Should we just let this hang as uncommitted? The remaining PR https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/pull/38
[Tue 11:21:35] <dlongley>	manu: Because there's no IPR in it we don't need to be that concerned about it.
[Tue 11:22:28] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:22:28] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley
[Tue 11:22:31] <dlongley>	ack dlongley
[Tue 11:22:31] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:22:44] <dlongley>	manu: The suggestion is, let's just wait and pull it into the document later.
[Tue 11:23:05] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: I'd prefer to wait on the PR.
[Tue 11:23:26] <dlongley>	manu: We're going to give ownership of the repo over to the WG.
[Tue 11:23:30] <dlongley>	manu: So it should be really clean.
[Tue 11:23:33] <dlongley>	+1 to that then.
[Tue 11:23:44] <manu>	PROPOSAL: Publish 2017-05-01 drafts as Final Reports. Gather feedback until this coming Friday, and publish final specifications if no objections.
[Tue 11:23:49] <gkellogg>	+1
[Tue 11:23:50] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:23:51] <stonematt>	+1
[Tue 11:23:52] <manu>	+1
[Tue 11:23:53] <RobTrainer>	+1
[Tue 11:23:56] <MattLarson>	+1
[Tue 11:23:57] <amigus>	+1
[Tue 11:23:57] <adam>	+1
[Tue 11:23:58] <ChristopherA>	+1
[Tue 11:23:59] <RichardVarn>	+1
[Tue 11:24:24] <manu>	RESOLVED: Publish 2017-05-01 drafts as Final Reports. Gather feedback until this coming Friday, and publish final specifications if no objections.
[Tue 11:24:56] <manu>	ACTION: Chairs to send resolution to the mailing list inviting objections if there are any.
[Tue 11:25:12] <dlongley>	stonematt: Can you track down the committers?
[Tue 11:25:29] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, I can work with the chairs offline to walk through the process, we will send direct emails to each one of the committers to sign off on the IP
[Tue 11:25:33] <manu>	ACTION: Manu to work with Chairs to get sign-off on IPR for specs.
[Tue 11:25:48] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 11:25:48] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:25:52] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:25:52] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:26:03] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: Could I ask if the trip reports could be swapped with the next item in the agenda?
[Tue 11:26:04] <dlongley>	stonematt: Sure.
[Tue 11:26:43] <dlongley>	stonematt: One more thing before we move onto the next item in the agenda. This is just a validation of what Manu mentioned earlier. Since the WG will take ownership of the repo, all the issues and discussions will follow as well. So there's nothing we have to do with those as well?
[Tue 11:26:43] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:26:43] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:26:59] <dlongley>	manu: The three repositories end up being handed over to the W3C organization.
[Tue 11:27:08] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:27:08] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley
[Tue 11:27:15] <dlongley>	manu: Right now it's in the opencreds organization and it will be handed to W3C, all the issues, teams, etc. will automatically move over.
[Tue 11:27:26] <dlongley>	ack dlongley
[Tue 11:27:26] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:27:40] <manu>	dlongley: CG continues to work on things? Protocol things? In open creds space? 
[Tue 11:27:58] <dlongley>	manu: Correct, slight wrench in there. We may want to spin down the opencreds repo and use the VC CG repo instead.
[Tue 11:28:01] <dlongley>	+1 to that
[Tue 11:28:07] <stonematt>	+1 to using the new name
[Tue 11:28:10] <dlongley>	manu: We should use the new name so people don't get confused.
[Tue 11:28:17] <dlongley>	manu: Opencreds is 3 years old or so.
[Tue 11:28:26] <dlongley>	gkellogg: The repo or the organization?
[Tue 11:28:34] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:28:34] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:28:36] <dlongley>	manu: The organization, the VC CG organization.
[Tue 11:29:06] <dlongley>	stonematt: In the W3C, there is an opencreds page there where we're all listed as members, is there some naming/branding we need to do?
[Tue 11:29:28] <gkellogg>	https://github.com/w3c-vc
[Tue 11:29:44] <dlongley>	manu: The naming on the W3C side is Verifiable Claims, the WG. It's confused right now ... there's opencreds, VC CG and VC WG, the CG needs to decide what name to use going forward.
[Tue 11:30:07] <dlongley>	manu: The discussion should be around "Should we be called the Credentials CG or rebrand to the Verifiable Claims CG" there are pluses and minuses.
[Tue 11:30:20] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: Will the groups start splitting? I'd like to see the CG be a little broader.
[Tue 11:30:25] <dlongley>	stonematt: Broader than Credentials?
[Tue 11:30:47] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: I just mean not tie explicitly to the WG, there are things that the CG can do that VCWG can't do, so untying them a bit is useful.
[Tue 11:30:58] <stonematt>	+1 to ChristopherA
[Tue 11:31:06] <dlongley>	manu: +1 to that, the CG is going to deal with everything the WG can't deal with right now or isn't chartered to take on. So things like protocol, decentralized identifiers.
[Tue 11:31:19] <dlongley>	manu: The things we know we need for a good healthy ecosystem but we weren't able to charter the WG to do yet.
[Tue 11:31:22] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:31:23] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:31:23] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt
[Tue 11:31:26] <dlongley>	ack stonematt
[Tue 11:31:26] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:31:51] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: I'd almost like to see it be Credentials Infrastructure or something like that that covers the entirety of the problem, but it's not a topic for today.
[Tue 11:32:22] <dlongley>	stonematt: We probably need an agenda item for next week that is scheduled for CG calls and how we're going to keep the broader discussion alive and have the WG start to focus. We'll want someone on the CG side to take a chair role and keep those driving forward.
[Tue 11:32:38] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: Who is the current chair?
[Tue 11:32:43] <dlongley>	stonematt: It's Richard and I.
[Tue 11:32:52] <dlongley>	stonematt: We'll be moving to the WG, can't do both.
[Tue 11:33:00] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: I'd be interested in talking about that, can take it offline.
[Tue 11:33:14] <dlongley>	stonematt: Let's do the next agenda item. Next up is trip reports.
[Tue 11:33:23] <stonematt>	topic: Trip Reports
[Tue 11:33:35] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: I wanted to report the last couple of weeks... Manu did you report last week since Rebooting?
[Tue 11:33:42] <dlongley>	manu: No, this is the first call I've been able to join.
[Tue 11:33:48] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: Why don't you start out and I'll close.
[Tue 11:35:16] <dlongley>	manu: Ok, sounds good. A couple of events that happened before RWoT (Rebooting Web of Trust), I'll cover those first. We went to IETF to move the signature stuff forward, that has to do with Koblitz signatures that bitcoiners/ether people are using. It had to do with signing HTTP messages, etc. We met with a number of people at IETF, we met with the X-chairs of the JOSE working group, Jim Schaad, we met with folks that were involved with JWS and JWT, specifically, John Bradley from Ping Identity and Mike Jones from MS. We tried to figure out a way to harmonize the work at IETF and the work at VC. The good news is that we came out of it with a pretty solid harmonization strategy.
[Tue 11:37:20] <dlongley>	manu: The reason we couldn't use JWTs still stands, but we can do a variant of JWS. By doing that, we get to reuse all of the security analysis that has gone into JWS. The challenge that we had before IETF was going to be a fairly 6mo-2yr security review on our signatures even though they don't fundamentally do anything new... you have to go through IETF process, then you get your stuff through. If we can reuse JWS we get to skip 2 years of work. I sat down with John Bradley and Mike Jones and came up with something with JWS that we believe will work for the VC community, the signature doesn't change all that much, just the signature value. We pay a penalty of around 20 bytes per signature, which isn't nearly as bad as before where docs were going to double in size each time you added signatures. That was unworkable. The new format allows us to only add an additional 20 bytes now.
[Tue 11:37:41] <dlongley>	manu: That's all really great news because it means that we can continue on, there's harmony between IETF and W3C on the signature stuff, we skip politics and time.
[Tue 11:38:13] <dlongley>	manu: We had the theory down at IETF and when we met at RWoT ... and a number of people joined us and wanted to do implementation. We had Kim Hamilton from MIT/blockcerts.
[Tue 11:38:30] <dlongley>	manu: Kim did the implementation in JavaScript, BigCHainDB implementation in python (missed one more)
[Tue 11:39:00] <dlongley>	manu: We came in with an idea for how to do it from IETF and we left RWoT with 3 interoperable implementations. It all seemed to work nicely. It also opened the door to do Koblitz signatures using the same mechanism.
[Tue 11:39:11] <dlongley>	manu: The signature stuff became really aligned and all good news.
[Tue 11:40:25] <dlongley>	manu: Other things happened at RWot around decentralized key management and authentication. We still don't have fully interop implementations of DID specs, but DB and Evernym have committed to that. Christopher Allen can speak to people working on the bitcoin/ethereum specs that are related. The community seems to be working really well together, actually generating code, shipping products, really good, Christopher go ahead, please cover anything I missed.
[Tue 11:45:20] <manu>	q+
[Tue 11:45:20] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:45:22] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: We made real progress on a particular reconciliation with real code in three languages. The DID specs are moving forward, bitcoin and ethereum ones getting mature to match the Sovrin one. Other interesting work, around articulating reputation and other types of issues. Lots of higher level issues to continue. We're going to have another RWoT in October in Boston. First week of October. If people are interested in participating. Part of the reason why it was scheduled then was to fit in with 3 other conferences in Paris, security and privacy, eurocrypt, and privacy on the blockchain workshop. Those all went very well and CFRG meeting. We mentioned that we've got a secp256k1 spec, talked about advantages, got some reluctance to open up the political can of worms they've had in the past which is understandable, but the more important thing was that after this meeting Jim Schaad, who is the editor for the JOSE standards said that if there's a reasonable spec for secp256k1 as an internet draft that he's more than willing with his editor powers to add that as an acceptable cipher suite to JOSE without requiring a full CFRG review and a chair of CFRG said that was acceptable to him. That would let us bring in communities that use this alternative curve. I'm at Eurocrypt this week and since we're talking about educational use cases and the institution I worked with doesn't even exist made me realize long term signatures are important. I've been doing research into hash signatures which are inefficient and slow but crypto experts believe it's a strong long term tech (quantum resistant, etc.) it's a great way to have a long term sig. It's 43k per signature, which is significant but it may be worth the extra effort to have something last that long.
[Tue 11:45:35] <dlongley>	Christopher: If anyone has any questions they can talk to manu or myself.
[Tue 11:45:39] <dlongley>	ack manu
[Tue 11:45:39] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor.
[Tue 11:46:47] <dlongley>	manu: Wanted to follow up on hash based signatures. We met with a Canadian company working on hash based signatures and they are very interested in working with the VC group to get that sort of signature in. There's interest in that space, we can't necessarily move quickly on it but keep it in the back of our minds, especially because we've got a company packed with post quantum cryptoggraphers. It's useful multiple decades out, long lasting stuff.
[Tue 11:47:21] <dlongley>	Christopher: Definitely says something as a requirement for our docs and the future, there's a big difference between a claim that you can get reissued ... claims that have short expiration dates, etc. and these long term claims, interesting from privacy and security point of view.
[Tue 11:47:27] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 11:47:27] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:47:29] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:47:30] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:47:57] <dlongley>	stonematt: That was a great update, both of you guys, thank you very much. Pretty exciting activity going on out there? Any more questions or comments on trip reports?
[Tue 11:48:11] <dlongley>	no other comments
[Tue 11:48:25] <dlongley>	stonematt: So, WG membership is the next topic.
[Tue 11:48:29] <dlongley>	Topic: Working Group Membership
[Tue 11:49:14] <dlongley>	stonematt: Everyone should have gotten a notice that the WG was created, if you want to participate please join. The first meeting will be the 16th of May. Call in information will be in the invitation to members of the WG, you need to join the WG to get the call in details, etc.
[Tue 11:49:19] <dlongley>	stonematt: It's W3C member only.
[Tue 11:49:31] <dlongley>	stonematt: We'll then be resuming work on the data model and use cases and so on when we get together next.
[Tue 11:49:40] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:49:40] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:50:07] <dlongley>	Topic: Suggestions for next week
[Tue 11:50:31] <dlongley>	stonematt: There are a couple of action items to finish up the docs from the CG, we'll do an update on that and make sure that's wrapped up. Any other topics we need to keep in mind for the agenda next week?
[Tue 11:51:38] <dlongley>	manu: I'm wondering if we want to start ... there are a number of people who will be on the WG call, I'm wondering if we should do some preplanning on the topics we want to cover first. There's a question around when we'll have a F2F meeting if we'll have one in the summer, there are terminology issues we should tackle up front, we'll need to bring people online pretty quickly once the WG starts up, we'll want to understand what docs we want to publish and we should have another discussion on that. We may want to have some discussions before the WG starts up to prime these discussions.
[Tue 11:51:48] <dlongley>	manu: We may want to have a discussion about that next week.
[Tue 11:52:03] <dlongley>	manu: We to come up with topics to get into the WG to be ready to discuss.
[Tue 11:53:12] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: I'd like to see a new kick off for the CG. The WG is going to kick off on its own. Starting fresh sort of (new kickoff) with the CG would be great. There's a broader issue of decentralized identity we'd like to have a place to discuss/post reports, etc. and come up with new docs.
[Tue 11:53:31] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: There may be things that are in the decentralized identity community that don't belong in the WG or VC.
[Tue 11:54:06] <dlongley>	stonematt: Yeah, I think accepting a narrowed charter for the WG was fine given that the CG would keep working and feeding into a new WG/new charter in the future. So the CG keeps working on the next set of ideas.
[Tue 11:54:36] <dlongley>	stonematt: One of the things we were talking about on the chair calls as a matter of convenience, it would be nice if the CG and WG calls were back to back. So many of us are participating in both, if we need to slide extra time in the CG or WG we may have flexibility to do that.
[Tue 11:55:05] <dlongley>	Christopher: Maybe that's just an agenda item and maybe the CG can have a longer meeting once a month on the same day as VC. Does the CG, with its new goals need to meet weekly, etc.?
[Tue 11:56:42] <dlongley>	manu: The other thing, I've been hearing this second hand was to put the calls back-to-back, the other upside that I heard was that it would time box the CG call if it was 30 minutes before the WG, we'd see a bunch of people leave at the 30 minute mark. Two one-hour calls back to back is asking a lot, but a 30 min CG call directly before/after the WG is a pretty good idea. Everyone's just there and they've blocked the time out. The benefit for having it before is there's a hard stop, whereas after the call it can expand. If the chairs are diligent and it's 30 minutes only, to mop up after the WG, then that might work. With the possibility to extend if we really need that time.
[Tue 11:56:49] <dlongley>	Christopher: Please not before :)
[Tue 11:57:00] <dlongley>	stonematt: We could change the WG start time to half-past if we don't want to go earlier.
[Tue 11:57:06] <dlongley>	Christopher: +1 on that
[Tue 11:57:20] <dlongley>	stonematt: I'd rather not go earlier than what we're currently scheduled.
[Tue 11:57:28] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 11:57:28] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:57:44] <dlongley>	stonematt: Any more input?
[Tue 11:57:49] <dlongley>	stonematt: On next week.
[Tue 11:57:54] <dlongley>	No other input.
[Tue 11:58:01] <dlongley>	stonematt: That concludes our meeting for the day.
[Tue 11:58:01] <dlongley>	present+ lake, longley, lehn, trainer, andrieu, stone, migus, kellogg, varn, sporny, christophera, cooper, larson
