[Tue 11:05:28] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2015Nov/0085.html
[Tue 11:05:48] <voip-vctf>	14159449721 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000036b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:10] <manu>	voip: 36b is GregKidd
[Tue 11:06:11] <voip-vctf>	Associated GregKidd with SIP/69.71.222.196-0000036b.
[Tue 11:06:21] <manu>	scribe: collier-matthew
[Tue 11:06:37] <manu>	Topic: Introduction of Participants
[Tue 11:06:36] <collier-matthew>	manu: First up, intros
[Tue 11:06:53] <collier-matthew>	... please type name, affiliation and your interest in the work.
[Tue 11:07:51] <dezell>	David Ezell - I co-chair the Web Payments IG, and represent NACS (convenience retailers) at W3C, and want to see credentials become a non-blocker for web payments.  I've worked on W3C WGs both chairing and membering since 1999.
[Tue 11:06:43] <ShaneM>	Shane McCarron, Digital Bazaar.  I have been working in the standards space for many many years.  My personal goal for this work is to have a standard way to readily exchange finely grained information; especially among merchants, payment agents, and consumers.
[Tue 11:13:01] <JohnTib>	John Tibbetts, Chief Product Architect, IMS Global.  Interest: Intense requirements in education for verifiable claims.  i.e. electronic transcripts, statements of competency
[Tue 11:06:47] <burn>	Dan Burnett, unaffiliated consultant, Just want to see this work replace all the outdated and misguided notions of identity that exist today.
[Tue 11:06:49] <voip-vctf>	15152298984 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000036c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:27] <manu>	Manu Sporny, Digital Bazaar, interested in getting this work to the next step - verifiable claims are important for payments, education, and healthcare. I'd like to see a widely deployed standard in the space.
[Tue 11:07:29] <collier-matthew>	delorenzo: Bill DeLorenzo, currently doing consulting for Accreditrust, interest in credential architecture
[Tue 11:07:41] <collier-matthew>	... will be auditing meetings
[Tue 11:07:40] <bsletten>	Brian Sletten, Bosatsu Consulting, Interested in standards for machine processable, secure, privacy-preserving, portable credentials.
[Tue 11:07:49] <manu>	voip: 36c is RichardVarn
[Tue 11:07:49] <voip-vctf>	Associated RichardVarn with SIP/69.71.222.196-0000036c.
[Tue 11:07:54] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-0000036e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:08:00] *	Richard (~Richard@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:08:11] <voip-vctf>	19087694252 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000036f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:08:22] <gkellogg>	Gregg Kellogg, unaffiliated. Iâ€™ve worked on a number of RDF related standards as an editor and contributor. Generally want to make the web a better place.
[Tue 11:08:26] <bendiken>	Arto Bendiken, from Datagraph (http://dydra.com/about). Can't dial in today, but will observe here on IRC.
[Tue 11:09:13] <dlongley>	Dave Longley, Digital Bazaar. Interested in helping work on a standard for user-centric verifiable claims; useful in across many different industries and generally helpful to people and creating a rich digital identity ecosystem for them.
[Tue 11:09:33] <erok210>	Eric Korb, CEO, Accreditrust Technologies, Warren, NJ - Credentials Community Group Founding Member
[Tue 11:10:12] <Greg_Kidd>	Greg Kidd, co-founder Global ID Framework
[Tue 11:10:50] <Richard>	I am with Educational Testing Service and am looking to support the open credentials market and standards into which our assessment data would be placed.  I have worked on credentials, identity management, and security in a variety of roles.
[Tue 11:08:28] <collier-matthew>	collier: Matthew Collier - Digital Bazaar, Inc. - Credentials and payments are important work.
[Tue 11:08:28] <collier-matthew>	Others present - Nate Otto - Interim Director - Badge Alliance, Jim Goodell, content lead for the Common Education Data Standards (CEDS)
[Tue 11:08:48] <manu>	voip: 36f is EricKorb
[Tue 11:08:48] <voip-vctf>	Associated EricKorb with SIP/69.71.222.196-0000036f.
[Tue 11:09:00] <manu>	Topic: Review the purpose of the call
[Tue 11:09:01] *	dlehn (~dlehn@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:09:22] *	Greg_Kidd (~Greg_Kidd@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:09:26] <collier-matthew>	manu: we had a meeting in the Web Payments Interest Group last week and there was a desire to make sure we polish up the problem statement about what the task force should be doing.
[Tue 11:09:44] <collier-matthew>	... we want buy in from organizations who have not been participating in the work.
[Tue 11:09:59] <collier-matthew>	... we want everyone to understand the problem statement and that it strikes the right balance.
[Tue 11:10:06] <collier-matthew>	... we want to refine the problem statement.
[Tue 11:10:42] <collier-matthew>	... dezell, do you agree with this direction (as co-chair of the Web Payments IG)?
[Tue 11:10:50] <collier-matthew>	dezell: Yes, I agree
[Tue 11:10:52] <manu>	Topic: Review Goals
[Tue 11:10:59] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce
[Tue 11:11:12] <collier-matthew>	manu: This is the proposal for the task force
[Tue 11:11:19] *	JohnTib (~JohnTib@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:11:21] <collier-matthew>	... there's a section that talks about the goals.
[Tue 11:12:03] <collier-matthew>	... on reading the goals, does anyone have any issues with the goals of the taskforce?
[Tue 11:12:06] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#Goals
[Tue 11:12:16] *	manu dezell speaking collier-matthew 
[Tue 11:12:33] <collier-matthew>	dezell: the goals seem good.  Is there a goal to see whatever is done here is going to work in browsers?
[Tue 11:12:44] <collier-matthew>	manu: that comes in the charter discussion.
[Tue 11:13:01] <collier-matthew>	manu: before talking about the charter, we should discuss the problem statement.
[Tue 11:13:25] <collier-matthew>	...  I would expect browser support would be a natural part of the charter creation discussion.
[Tue 11:13:53] <collier-matthew>	... I think you're asking if we should specifically point it out...
[Tue 11:14:13] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#Desired_Characteristics
[Tue 11:14:26] <manu>	"Web Browser APIs for issuing, storing, and consuming credentials"
[Tue 11:14:37] <collier-matthew>	manu: we have a section that discusses web browser API
[Tue 11:14:42] <collier-matthew>	... in the work plan
[Tue 11:14:52] <collier-matthew>	... you OK with that dezell?
[Tue 11:14:54] <collier-matthew>	dezell: yes
[Tue 11:15:02] <dlongley>	+1 to goals.
[Tue 11:15:10] <collier-matthew>	manu: any other comments on the goals?
[Tue 11:15:15] <erok210>	+1 goals
[Tue 11:15:31] <collier-matthew>	manu: a straw poll:
[Tue 11:15:42] <manu>	PROPOSAL: Adopt the goals statement as it exists in the Verifiable Claims Task Force Proposal.
[Tue 11:15:45] <gkellogg>	+1
[Tue 11:15:47] <JohnTib>	+1 for goals
[Tue 11:15:47] <manu>	+1
[Tue 11:15:48] <ShaneM>	+1
[Tue 11:15:48] <collier-matthew>	+1
[Tue 11:15:50] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:15:52] <burn>	+1 to goals
[Tue 11:15:55] <dezell>	+1 to goals.
[Tue 11:15:55] <bsletten>	+1
[Tue 11:16:03] <dlehn>	+1
[Tue 11:16:03] <Greg_Kidd>	+1
[Tue 11:16:06] <Richard>	+1
[Tue 11:16:23] <collier-matthew>	manu: any objections?
[Tue 11:16:23] <manu>	RESOLVED: Adopt the goals statement as it exists in the Verifiable Claims Task Force Proposal.
[Tue 11:16:36] <collier-matthew>	manu: no objections indicated.
[Tue 11:16:55] <collier-matthew>	manu: our weekly meetings will be run like this call right now.
[Tue 11:17:01] <manu>	Topic: Review Weekly Meetings
[Tue 11:17:02] <collier-matthew>	manu: we have a wiki page
[Tue 11:17:03] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/vctf/#telecons
[Tue 11:17:42] <collier-matthew>	manu: any concerns about the calls being minuted, recorded, time, how we take minutes, etc?
[Tue 11:17:44] *	ShaneM wonders if we are recording?
[Tue 11:17:45] <JohnTib>	+1 on calls...they're way better than our IMS calls!
[Tue 11:18:05] <collier-matthew>	dlongley: the links on the wiki are inaccurate.
[Tue 11:18:11] <collier-matthew>	manu: that should be corrected
[Tue 11:19:00] <manu>	PROPOSAL: Adopt the weekly telecon format, tools, and time listed here http://w3c.github.io/vctf/#telecons with fixes to the URLs pointed out by Dave Longley.
[Tue 11:18:22] <Richard>	+1 on calls
[Tue 11:18:38] <erok210>	+1 on calls
[Tue 11:18:46] *	dlongley ShaneM, i believe so
[Tue 11:18:57] <ShaneM>	+1 on calls
[Tue 11:19:03] <gkellogg>	+1
[Tue 11:19:06] <manu>	+1
[Tue 11:19:06] <burn>	+1 on calls
[Tue 11:19:06] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:19:07] <collier-matthew>	+1
[Tue 11:19:11] <dezell>	+1
[Tue 11:19:18] <dlehn>	+1
[Tue 11:19:23] <bsletten>	+1
[Tue 11:19:45] <Greg_Kidd>	+1
[Tue 11:20:01] <manu>	RESOLVED: Adopt the weekly telecon format, tools, and time listed here http://w3c.github.io/vctf/#telecons with fixes to the URLs pointed out by Dave Longley.
[Tue 11:20:10] *	ShaneM created a PR to fix the page
[Tue 11:20:18] <collier-matthew>	manu: next up is the section on definitions.
[Tue 11:20:22] <manu>	Topic: Review Definitions
[Tue 11:20:49] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#Definitions
[Tue 11:20:53] *	Guest48 (~textual@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:20:54] <collier-matthew>	manu: The verifiable claim is the easiest definition.
[Tue 11:20:54] <manu>	verifiable claim - a cryptographically non-repudiable set of statements made by an entity about another entity.
[Tue 11:21:39] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-0000036e] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:21:40] <collier-matthew>	manu: any issue with the scope/wording of this term?
[Tue 11:21:54] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:21:54] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:21:56] *	JohnTib has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:21:58] <collier-matthew>	dezell: non-repudiable is a strong word.
[Tue 11:21:59] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Tue 11:21:59] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:22:18] <collier-matthew>	dlongley: non-repudiability is a common term used in cryptography
[Tue 11:22:42] <dezell>	q+ to suggest "secured" and then shut up.
[Tue 11:22:43] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dezell
[Tue 11:22:59] <manu>	ack dezell 
[Tue 11:22:59] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor (to suggest "secured" and then shut up.).
[Tue 11:23:02] <collier-matthew>	dlongley: the fact that the statement was made is provably true, but the contents of the statements are not necessarily true.
[Tue 11:23:22] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000373] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:23:37] <collier-matthew>	dezell: I like the term cryptographically secure
[Tue 11:23:37] <voip-vctf>	15087286074 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000372] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:23:38] <manu>	collier: You're saying you like "cryptographically secured" better?
[Tue 11:23:50] <collier-matthew>	dlongley: I think cryptographically secure is OK
[Tue 11:24:28] <collier-matthew>	dlongley: some people might mistake this term for something referring to encryption
[Tue 11:24:44] <collier-matthew>	dlongley: perhaps cryptographically authentic would be better?
[Tue 11:25:14] <collier-matthew>	burn: I think non-repudiable is the correct term to use.
[Tue 11:25:34] <collier-matthew>	dezell: I would like to withdrawal the suggestion to change the term.
[Tue 11:25:57] <collier-matthew>	manu: We can certainly make changes in the future as necessary.
[Tue 11:26:00] *	jim_g (~jim_g@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:26:23] *	vic (~vic@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:26:30] <collier-matthew>	manu: There is a user centric design philosophy which puts people in the middle
[Tue 11:26:57] <collier-matthew>	... a service centric ecosystem give a lot of power to the system, and not so much power to the users
[Tue 11:27:02] <manu>	Ramifications of user-centric vs. service-centric architecture: https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#ramifications
[Tue 11:27:26] <collier-matthew>	...  I don't know if we need to go through each bullet item.
[Tue 11:27:36] <collier-matthew>	... it's a summary of the work of the credentials CG
[Tue 11:28:09] <collier-matthew>	... the reason for this comparison is because we need to demonstrate that what we are attempting to do does not have a set of standards behind it.
[Tue 11:28:38] <collier-matthew>	... some could argue that there are service-centric means already in existence.
[Tue 11:28:55] <collier-matthew>	... however, we have found that there are not user-centric standards.
[Tue 11:29:36] <collier-matthew>	... user get to choose where credentials are stored, when they are sent, issuers are separate from consumers which is separate from storage.
[Tue 11:29:52] <collier-matthew>	... there are many differences between the two philosophies.
[Tue 11:29:58] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#User-Centric_vs._Service-Centric_Architecture
[Tue 11:30:04] <collier-matthew>	... are there concerns about the bulleted list?
[Tue 11:30:53] <collier-matthew>	dlongley: A straw poll asking if the differences between the two philosophies are important.
[Tue 11:31:22] <manu>	PROPOSAL: There is a significant difference between user-centric and service-centric architectures when it comes to verifiable claims.
[Tue 11:31:20] <johntib>	+1 in significant difference
[Tue 11:31:22] <bsletten>	+1
[Tue 11:31:34] *	dlongley /nick <your nick>
[Tue 11:31:36] <gkellogg>	+1 there is a significant difference
[Tue 11:31:39] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:31:41] *	Guest48 is now known as JohnTib
[Tue 11:31:46] <collier-matthew>	+1
[Tue 11:31:47] <burn>	+1
[Tue 11:31:48] <manu>	+1
[Tue 11:31:53] <Richard>	+1
[Tue 11:31:54] <ShaneM>	+1 there is a big difference - and I like users
[Tue 11:31:59] <dezell>	+1 there is a significant difference
[Tue 11:32:12] <collier-matthew>	manu: please +0 if you have no opinion.
[Tue 11:32:13] <jim_g>	+1 and +1
[Tue 11:32:19] <dlehn>	+1
[Tue 11:32:52] <erok210>	+1 is a difference
[Tue 11:32:58] <manu>	RESOLVED: There is a significant difference between user-centric and service-centric architectures when it comes to verifiable claims.
[Tue 11:33:16] <collier-matthew>	manu: now back to the definitions
[Tue 11:33:31] *	dezell notes a W3C years' long debate on -0
[Tue 11:33:36] *	NateOtto (~textual@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:33:36] <collier-matthew>	manu: does anyone feel we need additional definitions at this point?
[Tue 11:33:56] *	ShaneM suggests we avoid such a debate dezell ;-)
[Tue 11:34:10] <manu>	PROPOSAL: Adopt the definitions as they stand in the Verifiable Claims Task Force Proposal.
[Tue 11:34:12] <bsletten>	+1
[Tue 11:34:14] <collier-matthew>	+1
[Tue 11:34:14] <ShaneM>	+1
[Tue 11:34:15] <manu>	+1
[Tue 11:34:16] <gkellogg>	+1
[Tue 11:34:16] <burn>	+1
[Tue 11:34:17] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:34:17] <JohnTib>	+1
[Tue 11:34:22] <jim_g>	+1
[Tue 11:34:24] <dezell>	+1
[Tue 11:34:28] <dlehn>	+1
[Tue 11:34:49] <Richard>	+1
[Tue 11:34:48] <manu>	RESOLVED: Adopt the definitions as they stand in the Verifiable Claims Task Force Proposal.
[Tue 11:35:00] <manu>	Topic: Review Problem Statement
[Tue 11:35:02] <collier-matthew>	manu: next up is the problem statement.
[Tue 11:35:17] <collier-matthew>	manu: hopefully you've already read the problem statement.
[Tue 11:35:38] <collier-matthew>	manu: Anyone feel anything should be changed before we review?
[Tue 11:35:44] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:35:44] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dezell
[Tue 11:35:51] <manu>	ack dezell 
[Tue 11:35:51] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:35:55] <collier-matthew>	manu: this is the primary statement that W3C wanted to make sure we have buy in for.
[Tue 11:36:57] <collier-matthew>	manu reads the problem statement.
[Tue 11:37:13] <erok210>	+1
[Tue 11:37:38] <dezell>	Now I remember - "reduced privacy" is not just for the credential holder - also for the checker.  Not sure if that deserves a mention.
[Tue 11:37:42] <dlongley>	my only minor nitpick would be to say "identity credentials" instead of "credentials" to better differentiate from other types of credentials.
[Tue 11:37:50] <dlongley>	(in the aka parenthetical)
[Tue 11:38:33] *	ShaneM notes that it also means the vendor is necessarily involved in every transaction where verification.... ahh, privacy
[Tue 11:38:47] <collier-matthew>	manu: anything confusing about the first bullet point?
[Tue 11:38:48] <ShaneM>	q+ to mentoin that privacy is not super clear
[Tue 11:38:48] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: ShaneM
[Tue 11:38:55] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:38:55] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: ShaneM, dezell
[Tue 11:38:58] <manu>	ack ShaneM
[Tue 11:38:58] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor (to mentoin that privacy is not super clear).
[Tue 11:39:15] <collier-matthew>	ShaneM: I want to say that the term privacy could be expanded.
[Tue 11:39:42] <voip-vctf>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000374] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:39:44] <collier-matthew>	manu: Privacy is a key element of the user-centric design.
[Tue 11:40:01] <collier-matthew>	ShaneM: You agree we could say more about privacy?
[Tue 11:40:02] <collier-matthew>	manu: yes
[Tue 11:40:23] <collier-matthew>	ShaneM: Anyone else misunderstand how 'privacy' is being used?
[Tue 11:41:18] <erok210>	privacy is important to Edu, Med
[Tue 11:41:18] <collier-matthew>	dezell: I think privacy should definitely be in there and we should indicate the importance to all parties
[Tue 11:41:22] <dlongley>	suggestion: "and reduced privacy [for all stakeholders]."
[Tue 11:41:33] <ShaneM>	There is also a potential lack of granularity in a service-centric model.
[Tue 11:41:39] <erok210>	Edu - FERPA, Med - HIPPA
[Tue 11:42:06] <erok210>	US Banking is now under HIPPA
[Tue 11:43:15] <gkellogg>	issuer has no expectation of privacy. user has expectation that claim will only be used by consumer. consumer has expectation that it is a private transaction between user and consumer, unless claim is verified, in which case the issuer necessarily knows the consumer has interest.
[Tue 11:44:10] <collier-matthew>	erok210: I'm trying to understand if reduced privacy is a positive or a negative?
[Tue 11:44:21] <collier-matthew>	manu: We want to increase privacy.
[Tue 11:44:44] <collier-matthew>	manu: The goal is to increase privacy.
[Tue 11:45:15] *	bsletten has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:45:21] <collier-matthew>	erok210: I also indicated that education and banking are also affected.
[Tue 11:45:40] <collier-matthew>	manu: I hear that we need to be stronger about privacy.
[Tue 11:45:49] *	collier-matthew who's speaking?
[Tue 11:45:55] *	manu that's RichardVarn
[Tue 11:46:08] <erok210>	and Health Care
[Tue 11:46:22] <collier-matthew>	Richard: Privacy is a relative term.
[Tue 11:46:38] <collier-matthew>	Richard: loss of control or reduced control might be a better way of saying it.
[Tue 11:49:06] <ShaneM>	+1 - I like control of confidential information
[Tue 11:49:18] *	ShaneM sorry about the rathole
[Tue 11:49:29] <collier-matthew>	manu: we have 10 minutes on the call and 2 bullet points left, let's tighten up the comments.
[Tue 11:49:39] <collier-matthew>	manu: any other issues with the first bullet point?
[Tue 11:49:52] <collier-matthew>	manu: reads second bullet point.
[Tue 11:50:26] <collier-matthew>	manu: concerns about second bullet item?
[Tue 11:51:06] <jim_g>	Well worded statement!
[Tue 11:51:48] <collier-matthew>	dlongley: in a service centric ecosystem, your identity information is spread out across the ecosystem.
[Tue 11:52:12] <collier-matthew>	ShaneM: I don't like 'coherent'
[Tue 11:52:15] <dlongley>	cohesive?
[Tue 11:52:26] <NateOtto>	What @dlongley just said was more specific and understandable than "coherent"
[Tue 11:52:49] <collier-matthew>	ShaneM: Yes, I like cohesive
[Tue 11:52:57] <erok210>	how about "standardized"?
[Tue 11:53:37] <NateOtto>	Cohesive is better. Maybe we can add "that is not fractured between different systems."
[Tue 11:53:44] *	bsletten (~bsletten@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:53:58] <erok210>	collective?
[Tue 11:54:04] <bsletten>	+1 on cohesive vs coherent
[Tue 11:54:41] <burn>	+1 cohesive
[Tue 11:55:05] <dlongley>	+1 cohesive, seems like simplest change to the sentence to me
[Tue 11:55:27] <collier-matthew>	manu: any other issues with second bullet I item.
[Tue 11:55:43] <collier-matthew>	erok210: I want to make sure that a user is not 'required' to put their credentials in one place.
[Tue 11:56:58] <collier-matthew>	manu: now on to the third bullet item.
[Tue 11:57:18] <ShaneM>	There is no standard that makes it easy for users to restrict the information exposed to a service provider to the bare minimum that service provider requires.
[Tue 11:57:19] <collier-matthew>	... any issues?
[Tue 11:57:42] <ShaneM>	s/makes it easy/allows/
[Tue 11:58:18] <burn>	+1 makes it easy
[Tue 11:58:40] <Greg_Kidd>	apologies, I have to head out.  Highly supportive of direction of conversation.
[Tue 11:59:08] <ShaneM>	+1 that affordance is not a word in common use
[Tue 11:59:25] *	dlongley bye Greg, thanks for joining!
[Tue 11:59:28] <erok210>	how about "simple"?
[Tue 11:59:37] <dezell>	+0
[Tue 12:00:14] *	dezell thinks "has a prayer of providing a way"
[Tue 12:00:26] *	dezell kidding - but "easy" is not easy
[Tue 12:00:32] <JohnTib>	+1 makes it easy
[Tue 12:00:42] <Richard>	enables
[Tue 12:01:00] <Richard>	ok
[Tue 12:01:30] <NateOtto>	I like "affords" for its precision but it would take us away from nice simple language of the sentence. I like this statement. +1
[Tue 12:01:36] <collier-matthew>	manu: any other concerns about problem statements after the revisions we've made on this call?
[Tue 12:03:07] *	gkellogg +1 to add to problem statement
[Tue 12:03:53] <burn>	+0 for adding (no objection)
[Tue 12:04:11] <erok210>	+0
[Tue 12:04:14] <dezell>	+0
[Tue 12:04:34] <dlongley>	+0 (i'm supportive of it, just worried about complexity or redundancy in problem statement)
[Tue 12:05:00] <burn>	agree with dlongley
[Tue 12:05:11] <manu>	PROPOSAL: Adopt the Problem Statement in the Verifiable Claims Task Force Proposal with the changes made during the call today.
[Tue 12:05:13] <bsletten>	+1
[Tue 12:05:14] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 12:05:15] <burn>	+1
[Tue 12:05:15] <ShaneM>	+1
[Tue 12:05:15] <gkellogg>	+1
[Tue 12:05:15] <NateOtto>	+1
[Tue 12:05:16] <dezell>	+1
[Tue 12:05:16] <collier-matthew>	+1
[Tue 12:05:16] <manu>	+1
[Tue 12:05:19] <JohnTib>	+1
[Tue 12:05:24] <dlehn>	+1
[Tue 12:05:39] <Richard>	+1
[Tue 12:05:37] <manu>	RESOLVED: Adopt the Problem Statement in the Verifiable Claims Task Force Proposal with the changes made during the call today.
[Tue 12:05:41] *	Greg_Kidd has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:05:54] *	Bill (~chatzilla@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:06:16] <collier-matthew>	manu: We will be having another call next week to go through the rest of the proposal and ensure we have buy-in. Thanks all!
[Tue 12:06:19] *	Richard has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:06:31] <collier-matthew>	manu: Same time, same channel
[Tue 12:06:31] <collier-matthew>	Present+ dlehn
