[Tue 11:04:09] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Jun/0096.html
[Tue 11:04:09] <manu>	scribe: ShaneM
[Tue 11:04:12] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000046b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:04:23] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000046a] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:04:25] *	Guest (~textual@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:04:32] *	Guest is now known as NateOtto
[Tue 11:05:08] <ShaneM>	Topic: Verifiable Claims Working Group Proposal
[Tue 11:05:23] <voip-vctf>	12125583175 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000046d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:24] <voip-vctf>	15413668863 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000046e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:35] <ShaneM>	manu: thanks to everyone.  we got the proposal together and handed over to the IG yesterday.
[Tue 11:05:37] <NateOtto>	voip: 046e is NateOtto
[Tue 11:05:37] <voip-vctf>	Associated NateOtto with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000046e.
[Tue 11:05:41] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000046f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:46] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/
[Tue 11:05:49] <ShaneM>	... we hope people are reading that now.  Will discuss at the f2f on 1 July.
[Tue 11:06:08] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000046f] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:06:14] <ShaneM>	... all documents are review ready, but we might want to make some refinements over the next couple of weeks.
[Tue 11:06:23] *	Rebecc (~Rebecc@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:06:31] <adamlake>	thanks CarlaCasilli for your input on the primer
[Tue 11:06:34] <ShaneM>	manu: some new implementor committments that we need to add.  Data model and use cases are being edited.
[Tue 11:07:02] <ShaneM>	... Joe had provided some ideas for how to restructure the use cases.
[Tue 11:07:27] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000470] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:31] <voip-vctf>	Matthew Larson [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000471] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:38] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:07:38] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000458], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.174-00000459], LesChasen [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000045a], Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000045c], Rob Trainer [SIP/71.121.234.111-0000045d], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000045e], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-0000045f], 15402850083 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000460], ShaneM [SIP/callcentric.com-00000461], DrummondReed [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000462], ChristopherAllen
[Tue 11:07:38] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-00000463], DavidEzell [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000465], DaveCrocker [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000468], Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000046b], 12125583175 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000046d], NateOtto [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000046e], Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000470], Matthew Larson [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000471].
[Tue 11:07:49] <ShaneM>	... terminology is consistent.  Everything hangs together.  We have demonstrated that people want to do it, and there are large organizations that will implement it.
[Tue 11:07:50] <manu>	voip: 46d is RebeccaSimmons
[Tue 11:07:51] <voip-vctf>	Associated RebeccaSimmons with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000046d.
[Tue 11:07:55] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000470] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:08:23] <ShaneM>	dave: what's the next steps?
[Tue 11:08:28] *	erkorb_rm (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:08:37] <ShaneM>	manu: the reason we have all these documents is to create a proposal to create a working group.
[Tue 11:08:56] <ShaneM>	... a working group is mandated to create a technical recommendation for ratificaiton by the membership.
[Tue 11:09:02] <voip-vctf>	19083917930 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000472] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:19] <voip-vctf>	19082515136 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000473] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:35] *	dlongley notes that they will be putting the vote to email as well
[Tue 11:09:36] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: when will the vote be?
[Tue 11:10:04] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000474] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:08] <ShaneM>	manu: at the f2f.  But there might not be critical mass at that meeting.  So if in the room we decide, we will still need to take it to the mailing list for a call for consensus.
[Tue 11:10:14] <dlongley>	voip: 473 is Eric Korb
[Tue 11:10:14] <voip-vctf>	Associated Eric Korb with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000473.
[Tue 11:10:24] <ShaneM>	... after that we need to get over a hurdle of W3M to put it forward to the membership.
[Tue 11:10:45] <ShaneM>	... W3C representatives will be in the room at the f2f and will ask questions.
[Tue 11:11:33] <ShaneM>	... might go to a vote end of July, early August.  Vote goes out for a month.  Some back and forth after that.
[Tue 11:11:57] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000475] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:12:14] <ShaneM>	... at the end of August hopefully an approved charter.  September is the W3C technical plenary meeting in Lisbon.  That would be the first opportunity to meet face to face.
[Tue 11:12:25] <ShaneM>	... We would need a two day agenda for that meeting.
[Tue 11:12:32] <ShaneM>	q+ to note that we would need to ask for space now
[Tue 11:12:32] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: ShaneM
[Tue 11:13:09] <manu>	ack ShaneM 
[Tue 11:13:09] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor (to note that we would need to ask for space now).
[Tue 11:13:21] <manu>	ShaneM: TPAC fills up quickly, if we want a face-to-face - we need to allocate space.
[Tue 11:13:35] <ChristopherA>	does anyone have tpac reg URL?
[Tue 11:13:55] <dlongley>	https://www.w3.org/2016/09/TPAC/
[Tue 11:14:01] <ShaneM>	manu: as a CG we cannot ask for space.  people have been reluctant to assume that this will be successful.  dezell is there a way to ask for space?
[Tue 11:14:40] <manu>	q+ to note CG meetings.
[Tue 11:14:40] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:14:41] <ShaneM>	dezell: I am not sure that between now and the f2f it will make a big difference.  W3M will say it is premature today.  But it is a fair question on 1 July depending on how the conversation goes.
[Tue 11:14:54] <ShaneM>	... not sure how much attention we can get between now and then anyway.
[Tue 11:15:22] <burn>	they may say it is premature, but if we don't prep them for it they will later claim we should have asked earlier, so we need to prep W3M anyway
[Tue 11:15:34] <ShaneM>	manu: we could plan to meet there anyway.  They are allowing CGs to have space and time at TPAC.  We could plan to have a f2f at TPAC using that mechanism.
[Tue 11:15:41] <ShaneM>	... if a working group is formed, we could just shift it.
[Tue 11:15:44] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000476] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:15:50] <ShaneM>	... thoughts from the group?"
[Tue 11:15:53] <dlongley>	ShaneM: That's clever.
[Tue 11:16:08] <ShaneM>	dezell: I think you should go ahead and do that.
[Tue 11:16:12] *	stone (~stone@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:16:14] <burn>	+1 to planning to meet anyway
[Tue 11:16:56] <ShaneM>	manu: there are people who are going to be split between VC, IG, and Web Payuments.  This is a problem.
[Tue 11:17:28] <ShaneM>	ShaneM: this is a classic problem.
[Tue 11:17:35] <ShaneM>	dezell: it is getting worse and worse
[Tue 11:17:42] <ShaneM>	... it is a good / bad situation
[Tue 11:17:43] <burn>	yes, it's a good problem to have
[Tue 11:17:55] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:17:55] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: manu, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:17:58] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:17:58] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note CG meetings.).
[Tue 11:18:13] <dlongley>	ShaneM: Let's put this roadmap out on the Web.
[Tue 11:18:24] <manu>	ACTION: Manu to put together a 9 month schedule/roadmap and publish to CG/IG.
[Tue 11:18:27] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 11:18:27] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:18:30] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 11:18:30] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:19:07] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: I heard a little more from Dave's question than just the schedule.  I would like to hear who is committing development resources etc.  Who can we cooperate with?
[Tue 11:19:30] <ShaneM>	... are there P2P things we can do to verify claims?
[Tue 11:19:38] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/implementers/
[Tue 11:19:46] <ShaneM>	... are there ways we can discuss coding on the agenda at some point?
[Tue 11:20:28] <ShaneM>	manu: there is a list of who is going to implement.  These are committments to implement if the work is successful.  Having said that, there are organizations that have been doing this for years already.
[Tue 11:20:49] <ShaneM>	... Digital Bazaar is one such.  I am not going to call out others that are doing things in the next three months.  They can speak for themselves.
[Tue 11:21:04] <erkorb_rm>	Accreditrust is
[Tue 11:21:10] <manu>	Topic: Terminology Results
[Tue 11:21:15] <manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2016Jun/0229.html
[Tue 11:22:05] <ShaneM>	manu: picked "inspector" for what used to be called "consumer".  That raised another question...  So there is a new term "verifier" for the thing that really does the verification.
[Tue 11:22:19] <gkellogg>	+1 for consistency
[Tue 11:22:22] <ShaneM>	... there is a conflict between "identity profile" and "entity credential".
[Tue 11:22:39] <ShaneM>	... this might cause some further discussion.  But we don't need to have the debate now.
[Tue 11:22:43] <dlongley>	+1 for consistency
[Tue 11:22:55] <stone>	+1 on process
[Tue 11:23:10] <ShaneM>	Drummond: the conflict between the terms needs to be fixed.
[Tue 11:23:20] <NateOtto>	Hehe, wish I could have been on the call to push for consumer, but I'm prepared to adapt Badge Alliance terminology to "Inspector" to keep that in line. +1 for consistency. Identity is better, assuming we're clear that any entity can have an "identity"
[Tue 11:23:29] <dlongley>	+1 for Identity as well.
[Tue 11:23:35] <gkellogg>	+1 for identity too
[Tue 11:23:39] <ShaneM>	manu: we need to make a decision about whether we are talking about identities or entities.  We don't need to do it today.
[Tue 11:23:56] <ShaneM>	manu: we are zeroing in on terminology that the community seems to be okay with.
[Tue 11:23:57] <dcrocker>	Terminology:  choices need to be driven less by personal preference and more by likely uptake.  Who will use it and what are they most likely to be comfortable with and likely to use?
[Tue 11:24:04] <StuartSutton>	+1 for consistency (prefer Identity)
[Tue 11:24:16] <ShaneM>	manu: it is arguable that this debate has been going on for 15 years.
[Tue 11:24:17] <dlongley>	+1 for voting on the two names for inspector and verifier
[Tue 11:24:40] <ShaneM>	... it was good to have a large sample when doing a poll like that.
[Tue 11:24:42] <dlongley>	(so voting on pairs)
[Tue 11:24:46] <manu>	Topic: Data Model Specification
[Tue 11:24:53] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/claims-data-model/
[Tue 11:25:17] <ShaneM>	burn: did some major editorial terminology.  The terms we use really effect this document
[Tue 11:25:40] <ShaneM>	... the terms cause problems with references.  But I think it hangs together much better than it did.
[Tue 11:26:05] <ShaneM>	... there is a reference problem that we need to get sorted out.  Shane and I are working on it.
[Tue 11:26:12] <dlongley>	"Entity credentials are user-centric. This refers to an architecture where:" <-- maybe avoid "user-centric" and just say "Entity credentials are part of an architecture with the following properties:"
[Tue 11:26:27] <ShaneM>	...  there is a reference to the use cases document that needs to be updated.
[Tue 11:27:08] <ShaneM>	burn: I have one question for the group.  Initially I included "entity credential" and the "identity profile".  I included both so that there was a way to understand the overall context.
[Tue 11:27:41] <ShaneM>	... the concern I have is that people will look at this will say "you are standarizing verifiable claims, but here is an identity profile as well".
[Tue 11:27:59] <ShaneM>	... my question is should I remove it, should I push it to an appendix, or should I leave it alone?

[Tue 11:28:23] <ShaneM>	q+
[Tue 11:28:23] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: ShaneM
[Tue 11:28:29] <manu>	ack ShaneM 
[Tue 11:28:29] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor.
[Tue 11:29:01] <manu>	ShaneM: I'm inclined to leave it in, it makes sense to have it in there, without it it isn't clear how this stuff maps together. If there is concern around exposing that concept, lets add notation to say it's just for context - wouldn't want to lose the example.
[Tue 11:29:07] <manu>	q+
[Tue 11:29:07] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:29:08] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:29:08] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor.
[Tue 11:29:19] <burn>	dlongley, missed the user-centric.  Will either remove as you suggest or change to self-sovereign
[Tue 11:29:33] <ShaneM>	manu: to echo what Shane said...  it is a part of the bigger vision.  Being buried in the spec is probably deep enough.
[Tue 11:30:04] <ShaneM>	... we dont want to distract from VC for the initial work, but we know that an identity profile is a goal and being able to express it is a requirement
[Tue 11:30:12] <dlongley>	burn: probably best to avoid a term at all there and just list the properties, -- we're already listing all that out so it's less controversial to avoid the term
[Tue 11:30:31] <ShaneM>	... I don't think that the AC reps are going to read it in detail.  And if they do then they are going to realize that this is a proposed spec and the WG will do whatever they do.;
[Tue 11:30:31] <burn>	@dlongley okay
[Tue 11:30:37] <dlongley>	+1 to keeping Identity Profile in there for now.
[Tue 11:30:39] <NateOtto>	+1 keep it in the document
[Tue 11:30:50] <ShaneM>	... an AC member will know that if they want to effect change they should staff the working group.
[Tue 11:30:51] <StuartSutton>	+1 keep
[Tue 11:31:01] <gkellogg>	+1 to keep
[Tue 11:31:05] *	dezell sorry have to jump off
[Tue 11:31:09] <Drummond>	+1 to keep
[Tue 11:31:24] <stone>	+1 keep - ultimately it's the key to a functional eco system.
[Tue 11:31:24] <NateOtto>	q+
[Tue 11:31:24] <voip-vctf>	NateOtto has been added to the queue: NateOtto
[Tue 11:31:37] <ShaneM>	burn: note that the doc does say that we will ONLY be working on VC stuff.
[Tue 11:32:09] <NateOtto>	q- Manu said exactly what I was going to suggest: Don't lead with Identity Profile on the first sentence of the Abstract.
[Tue 11:32:09] <voip-vctf>	Manu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:32:09] <ShaneM>	manu: we talk about identity profile in the abstract.  We may want to use some of the language from the architecture  document in the abstract to ease the way into the document.
[Tue 11:32:20] <ShaneM>	burn: the abstract came from an older document.  I will adjust it.
[Tue 11:32:22] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:32:23] <manu>	q- NateOtto
[Tue 11:32:23] <voip-vctf>	NateOtto has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 11:32:53] <ShaneM>	manu: what are the next steps?
[Tue 11:33:13] <ShaneM>	burn: actually... not clear given the schedule.  I am hesitant to change anything other than editorial.
[Tue 11:33:16] <ShaneM>	manu: good plan.
[Tue 11:33:38] <manu>	Topic: Use Cases
[Tue 11:33:42] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/use-cases/
[Tue 11:33:43] <ShaneM>	manu: it would be good for poeple to review again.
[Tue 11:35:03] <NateOtto>	I feel bad having my name on there as an Author given how little time I've been able to contribute to Use Cases during calendar 2016. Is there anything I could do to help next week or this coming weekend (not this week)?
[Tue 11:35:25] <voip-vctf>	16097341186 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000477] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:36:17] <NateOtto>	"consumer" language still appears in use case. todo: change to Inspector?
[Tue 11:37:18] *	Richard_Varn (~Richard_Varn@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:37:26] <ShaneM>	manu: We have an opportunity to create / modify use cases through september.
[Tue 11:37:31] *	Rebecc has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:37:34] <ShaneM>	...once the working group starts, we can update the doc as well.
[Tue 11:37:47] <ShaneM>	q+ to say that I am an idiot
[Tue 11:37:47] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: ShaneM
[Tue 11:37:52] <manu>	ack ShaneM 
[Tue 11:37:52] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor (to say that I am an idiot).
[Tue 11:37:59] <manu>	voip: 477 is RichardVarn
[Tue 11:37:59] <voip-vctf>	Associated RichardVarn with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000477.
[Tue 11:38:50] <NateOtto>	thumbsup, ShaneM
[Tue 11:38:58] *	dlongley haha
[Tue 11:40:04] <manu>	Topic: Next Steps
[Tue 11:40:39] <ShaneM>	manu: Thanks again everyone.  I think this is one of the best proposals I have seen.
[Tue 11:41:15] <ShaneM>	... what do we want to do?
[Tue 11:41:42] <ShaneM>	... plan for success.  Two day agenda for TPAC.  Rely on the web payments working group schedule from their first f2f as a model.
[Tue 11:41:56] <ShaneM>	... when a new wg starts 60% of the people in the room will have no background.
[Tue 11:42:10] <ShaneM>	... We should continue to refine the spec and use cases.
[Tue 11:42:23] <ShaneM>	... ChristopherA pointed out that we could start doing preliminary implementations.
[Tue 11:42:44] <ShaneM>	... there are  a number of other things that have come up.  We have rebooting web of trust, ID 2020, refugee use cases.
[Tue 11:43:11] <ShaneM>	... there are a bunch of components that will factor into success over the next 5 years.  WebDHT, registries, etc.
[Tue 11:43:16] <Drummond>	Respect Network will be working on an implementation of DIDs
[Tue 11:43:17] <ShaneM>	q+ to ask which group?
[Tue 11:43:17] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: ShaneM
[Tue 11:43:27] <ShaneM>	... what do people think we should be doing?
[Tue 11:43:31] <manu>	ack ShaneM
[Tue 11:43:31] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor (to ask which group?).
[Tue 11:43:34] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:43:34] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:44:01] <ShaneM>	ShaneM: you said "group".  Do you mean VCTF or something else?
[Tue 11:44:09] <ShaneM>	manu: I mean the credentials community group
[Tue 11:44:20] *	dlongley die == be wrapped up
[Tue 11:44:23] <CarlaCasilli>	die ... more like evolve
[Tue 11:44:35] <ShaneM>	... the VCTF is going to evolve within a month.  Assuming the vote is successful.
[Tue 11:44:48] <ShaneM>	... but there is still a Credentials Community Group that is around to stage work.
[Tue 11:44:52] <NateOtto>	I think the people on this call should focus on answering questions from people who are considering voting on the proposals, keep showing our interest and activity through discussing these documents & proposals.
[Tue 11:45:06] <ShaneM>	... I am unfortunately going to continue to be vague.  The group is amorphous.
[Tue 11:45:23] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 11:45:23] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:45:55] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: We should try to get the MIT group that is looking at Badges to get them into the fold
[Tue 11:46:03] <CarlaCasilli>	umm, not sure we can call them badges. they're certificates.
[Tue 11:46:26] <manu>	MIT Media Lab + Learning Machine
[Tue 11:47:02] <manu>	Chainpoint is Proof of Publication
[Tue 11:47:16] <NateOtto>	I'm working with them for making sure their 2.0 is standards-compatible, uses Open Badges data classes. Can introduce anybody who needs it to the MIT Media Lab & Learning Machine folks.
[Tue 11:47:41] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: I would like to make a claim not just about a security reviewer, but also a source code repository...
[Tue 11:48:09] <ShaneM>	... I want to do this soon because these are the things developers care about now and they are likely to be early adopters.
[Tue 11:48:22] <CarlaCasilli>	q+
[Tue 11:48:22] <voip-vctf>	CarlaCasilli has been added to the queue: CarlaCasilli
[Tue 11:48:26] <ShaneM>	... work out the issues with a limited community before we go to broader deployment.
[Tue 11:48:42] *	dlongley he had to run
[Tue 11:48:44] *	dlongley not here
[Tue 11:49:03] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 11:49:03] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: CarlaCasilli
[Tue 11:49:08] <manu>	ack CarlaCasilli 
[Tue 11:49:08] <voip-vctf>	CarlaCasilli has the floor.
[Tue 11:49:43] <NateOtto>	Kerri Lemoie working with the BadgeChain group will be at that meeting, I believe.
[Tue 11:50:01] <manu>	https://medium.com/badge-chain
[Tue 11:50:09] <manu>	q+ to note flex ledger
[Tue 11:50:09] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:50:13] <ShaneM>	CarlaCasilli: This idea blockchain and badges is something we are working on too.  The conversations we have had are in this area.  So I am cautiously voting in this direction.
[Tue 11:50:33] <ChristopherA>	https://medium.com/mit-media-lab/what-we-learned-from-designing-an-academic-certificates-system-on-the-blockchain-34ba5874f196#.izovsq5pb
[Tue 11:50:52] <ShaneM>	... we have not yet decided if blockchain is the best direction.  We have a great amount of interest in picking apart what blockchain adds but we are not specifically interested in FinTech.
[Tue 11:51:18] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: This group makes a big deal about using blockchain, but it is just really putting a has on the blockchain.
[Tue 11:51:19] <CarlaCasilli>	right, we're a lot more investigative about exploring the future of badges related to the future of blockchain
[Tue 11:51:26] <CarlaCasilli>	where we = BadgeChain
[Tue 11:51:38] <ShaneM>	... this is just proof of existence.
[Tue 11:51:46] <CarlaCasilli>	yep
[Tue 11:51:53] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:51:53] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note flex ledger).
[Tue 11:52:30] <manu>	http://digitalbazaar.github.io/flex-ledger/
[Tue 11:52:31] <ShaneM>	manu: there are digital signatures that we are working on with a number of companies about proof of publication.  Put into various chains.  Ethereum, bitcoin, ipfs.
[Tue 11:53:10] <CarlaCasilli>	yes, BadgeChain is very interested about Flex Ledger. all of these things are interesting to us.
[Tue 11:53:13] <ShaneM>	... flex ledger is designed to publish verifiable claims into the ledger.  It is a more flexible way of publishing what people have learned, what they have accomplished, etc.  That work is ongoing.
[Tue 11:53:23] <ShaneM>	manu: there is also the did stuff.  Drummond?
[Tue 11:54:04] <ShaneM>	Drummond: we welcome the input.  We are just finishing the first 4 milestones that we are doing for DHS.  We are researching DIDs and what the best way is to format identifiers and objects.
[Tue 11:54:20] <ShaneM>	... if there are people with strong feelings about this we would love to interview you.
[Tue 11:54:34] <ShaneM>	... we are hoping to produce a recommendation that will move into a spec in the appropriate body.
[Tue 11:54:47] <ShaneM>	manu: as far as verifiable claims...  what should we working on next?
[Tue 11:55:04] <ShaneM>	... a number of us are on the road for the next two weeks, so cancel those meetings.
[Tue 11:55:19] <ShaneM>	... we should be working on a F2F agenda.   TPAC is a good opportunity to do that.
[Tue 11:55:59] <ShaneM>	... the way this stuff happens is that people step up and do the work.  People who proposed things should bring forward proposals.
[Tue 11:56:05] <ChristopherA>	The next #RebootingWebOfTrust is September 28,29,30th in SF, http://www.WebOfTrust.info
[Tue 11:56:09] <ShaneM>	manu: DID stuff is central to this group.
[Tue 11:56:17] <ShaneM>	... there is no finalized mechanism way to allocate those.
[Tue 11:56:32] <ChristopherA>	We will be doing more with DIDs, smart signatures, proof of existence, peer claims, etc.
[Tue 11:56:42] <ShaneM>	...  We have references to them in our specs though, so it feels like it is next.
[Tue 11:56:59] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: Rebooting web of trust is in late september.  Right after TPAC.
[Tue 11:57:02] <Drummond>	It is definitely a high priority for Respect Network and several of our partners as well.
[Tue 11:57:31] <ChristopherA>	(dave crocker - sent you email about scheduling phone call)
[Tue 11:57:32] <NateOtto>	Thanks all! Safe travels.
[Tue 11:57:36] <ShaneM>	manu: so - brief hiatus.  next meeting second week of July.
[Tue 11:57:36] <ShaneM>	Present+ sutton, varn, crocker, casilli, lehn, trainer, chasen, simmons, larson
