[Tue 11:06:23] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Jan/0002.html
[Tue 11:06:29] <dlongley>	scribe: dlongley
[Tue 11:06:51] *	collier-matthew dlongley, I will scribe when you are speaking
[Tue 11:07:01] <dlongley>	manu: The purpose of this call is a briefing call on the Verifiable Claims work.
[Tue 11:07:12] *	Drummond (~Drummond@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:07:29] <dlongley>	manu: The idea here is to introduce you to the work we've been doing for the past 2-2.5 years. This is in preparation for interviews we'd like to do with each of you.
[Tue 11:07:44] <voip-vctf>	Shane PC [SIP/50.171.235.149-0000053a] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:56] <ShaneM>	voip: 53a is me
[Tue 11:07:56] <voip-vctf>	Associated ShaneM with SIP/50.171.235.149-0000053a.
[Tue 11:08:00] *	ShaneM is muted
[Tue 11:08:01] <dlongley>	manu: We've identified each of you as experts that we'd like to get feedback from you before W3C does anything, if we do anything. We'd like to get your thoughts on the topic, which we will minute and record.
[Tue 11:08:01] <manu>	Topic: Background on Verifiable Claims work
[Tue 11:08:06] *	rtrainer has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:08:07] *	Rob is now known as rtrainer
[Tue 11:08:09] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/vctf/
[Tue 11:08:22] *	SLee (~SLee@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:08:31] <dlongley>	manu: The site was just updated this morning with Benefits to Stakeholders and some other info.
[Tue 11:09:00] <dlongley>	manu: The purpose is to find out is there's a need for user-centric Verifiable Claims/Identity Credentials. The proposal focuses on a user-centric system vs. service-centric systems like SAML, OpenID Connect.
[Tue 11:09:13] <dlongley>	manu: We're trying to focus on whether a user-centric system would be a good way to address the problems.
[Tue 11:09:48] <dick>	There are other models besides pure server centric and pure user centric
[Tue 11:10:07] <David_C>	If you consider the way plastic cards work today, they are user centric
[Tue 11:10:11] <voip-vctf>	mike [SIP/10.24.105.91-0000053d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:19] <dlongley>	manu: We've identified a problem statement that has pretty broad buy in from those involved so far, but we'd like to reach out to various experts and get their input. We'd like to hear feedback from "This is a terrible idea don't do it" to "This is heading in an ok direction" to "We support the work, etc", various critiques.
[Tue 11:10:27] <David_C>	I dont need to tell the card provider who I show the card to
[Tue 11:10:30] <dlongley>	manu: We've been trying to solve some of these problems for 15+ years and some would argue longer.
[Tue 11:10:35] <voip-vctf>	Kerri Lemoie [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000053e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:38] <voip-vctf>	mike [SIP/10.24.105.91-0000053d] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:11:21] <dlongley>	manu: The group that has been putting this stuff together for the last two years is called the Credentials Community Group at W3C and have produced some technology, but the Verifiable Claims Task Force is taking a higher view, not focusing on any particular tech solutions at this time, only analysis, etc.
[Tue 11:11:37] <dlongley>	manu: Any questions from anyone who is new to the call? (to the background information, etc)
[Tue 11:11:37] *	CarlaCasilli (~CarlaCasilli@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:11:40] *	DSinger how many Kerris are there? :-)
[Tue 11:11:44] <manu>	Topic:  Problem Statement and Scope
[Tue 11:11:57] *	bhill2 (~bhill2@public.cloak) has left #vctf (Leaving...)
[Tue 11:12:07] *	dlongley bhill2: this will be recorded 
[Tue 11:12:09] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/vctf/#problem
[Tue 11:12:38] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/presentations/2015/w3c-tpac/anonymized.html
[Tue 11:12:45] <dlongley>	manu: This has fairly decent buy in from those that have been involved (the problem statement). There is a survey that we sent out, we go around 44 organizations to respond to the survey. We have anonymized those responses and the link is in IRC.
[Tue 11:13:06] <dlongley>	manu: The participating orgs have helped put the problem statement together. We have many of the participating on these calls for the past year.
[Tue 11:13:49] <dlongley>	manu: We've talked about the problem statement and scope on this page. The question to experts, Dick Hardt, Brad Hill, etc. is "Have we stated the problem well?" "Is this a problem for the Web?" "Is it a good problem statement?" "How should we proceed?" etc.
[Tue 11:13:58] <ShaneM>	Are there specific business problems your organization needs solved that this sort of activity might address?
[Tue 11:13:58] <dlongley>	manu: Any questions from people on the call for the type of feedback we're looking for?
[Tue 11:14:05] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/vctf/#problem
[Tue 11:14:12] <dlongley>	manu: The link is in IRC^.
[Tue 11:14:55] <dlongley>	Drummond: We've talked about this once before but it might help others on the call. The problem statement specifies OpenID Connect as service-centric. Could you crystalize what you think makes it service-centric and not user-centric?
[Tue 11:15:18] <DSinger>	Why is it a priori user-centric?
[Tue 11:15:21] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/vctf/#definitions
[Tue 11:15:31] <dlongley>	manu: There's a link I'll put into IRC to specify what we mean by user-centric and service-centric. We realize this whole area is rife with terminology and the meanings have changed over time and we apologize for that. We list definitions at the link.
[Tue 11:15:33] <Drummond>	Absolutely the whole area is "rife with overloaded terminology".
[Tue 11:15:55] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/vctf/#design-approaches
[Tue 11:16:00] <dlongley>	manu: We talk about user centric systems as talking about placing users at the center of the ecosystem and we list design ramifications that are outcomes from a user-centric design vs. a service-centric one.
[Tue 11:16:28] <dlongley>	manu: So we describe the differences between a user centric system and a service centric one and the hope is that before we do interviews with you that you read our definitions.
[Tue 11:16:35] *	hober (~ted@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:17:21] <dlongley>	manu: Based on the definitions we have on the page, we describe OpenID Connect as service-centric because the service is in the middle, it issues the claims, claims are not portable, you are locked into a particular identity provider/agent vs. portable and owned by the user themselves, etc.
[Tue 11:17:22] <Drummond>	IMHO, identifiers not being portable is a huge point.
[Tue 11:17:48] <dlongley>	manu: These are just some of the reasons that the system isn't user-centric. People have been talking about some of these things for years like Dick Hardt.
[Tue 11:18:01] <dlongley>	manu: A user-centric system has portable identifiers, yes, as Drummond Reed mentioned.
[Tue 11:18:13] <dick>	Would be nice to be able to be on the call.
[Tue 11:18:39] <dlongley>	manu: David Singer asked "Why is it a prior user-centric?" ... We needed to put a stake in the ground about how what we're talking about here is different from previous attempts to solve verifiable claims on the Web.
[Tue 11:18:50] <dlongley>	manu: So how is this different from LDAP, SAML, OpenID Connect, etc.
[Tue 11:19:01] <dlongley>	manu: So a user-centric design has a lot to do with that.
[Tue 11:19:21] <dlongley>	DSinger: I agree that it's important to talk about previous solutions, but why is user-centric part of the problem statement?
[Tue 11:21:10] <dlongley>	manu: The easy answer is that that's how the group decided to phrase the problem statement; the fundamental thesis of the group is that service-centric systems exist, OpenID Connect, SAML, pick your super provider, etc. saying we're going to address a problem that those solve is a non-starter, but clearly problems still exist. Solving what those solve is a non-problem. Not seeing user-centric systems, things that are not on the Web now -- like driver's licenses and passports and things we put in our wallets and that we control in that way ... those user-centric systems are the ways we deal with verifiable claims in the real world/physical world.
[Tue 11:21:30] <dlongley>	manu: We haven't been able to transfer those things to the Web and why haven't we? And thus the user-centric language comes into the problem statement.
[Tue 11:21:45] <dlongley>	DSinger: Yeah, that's good enough for now.
[Tue 11:22:23] <collier-matthew>	dlongley: I would like to add...
[Tue 11:22:50] <collier-matthew>	dlongley: we build up physical identities but that has not translated well to the web.
[Tue 11:23:04] <manu>	dlongley: One thing to add - having these credentials in the physical world, but not having them in the digital world - we go about our lives building up our physical identies - describes different parts of our lives - we can't create rich digital identities that can can carry and give out to different consumers where relationship between us and our wallet is not important.
[Tue 11:23:42] <Drummond>	Good answer.
[Tue 11:23:43] <manu>	dlongley: Use some other container to hold our credentials - the relationship is between us and the consumer, or us and the issuer. There is this whole aspect our lives in the physical world that have not translated into the digital world. A lot of it has to do with user-centric design.
[Tue 11:23:43] <NateOtto>	+1 dlongley
[Tue 11:24:23] <dick>	There are other models besides pure user-centric and pure server centric.
[Tue 11:24:27] <Drummond>	Yes, I think that's a great subject for the interviews.
[Tue 11:24:42] <dlongley>	manu: Does that provide enough information for this subject for the interviews?
[Tue 11:24:53] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, we definitely want to hear about those other models, Dick.
[Tue 11:25:08] <dlongley>	manu: When we speak with you, we'd love to hear your feedback on that. We're not saying the system won't be some kind of hybrid.
[Tue 11:25:39] <dlongley>	manu: But the first question is "Is there a problem that needs solving?" And then if the answer is yes, "Are there some general guidelines to help us falling into traps of the past?"
[Tue 11:25:39] <DSinger>	We also need to agree it is our problem....
[Tue 11:26:02] <Drummond>	I think there's very broad agreement on the problem. The key question will be: what is unique about the solution that will allow it to break through where all the previous attempts have failed.
[Tue 11:26:15] <manu>	Topic: Key Questions
[Tue 11:26:16] <dlongley>	manu: Please go and read everything on that VCTF page -- because it's stuff that we have consensus around from the 20+ orgs participating in the work. But we can challenge those things and change them based on your input.
[Tue 11:26:19] *	Jonathan (~Jonathan@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:26:23] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#Open_Questions
[Tue 11:26:53] <dlongley>	manu: If you don't have the time to read and formulate your own response, we do have a set of questions we can ask you.
[Tue 11:27:02] <dlongley>	manu: Link is in IRC for some of these.
[Tue 11:27:06] <David_C>	that is mirrors the use of plastic cards in the physical world, because they work
[Tue 11:27:29] <dlongley>	manu: [lists questions at link]
[Tue 11:28:05] <jheuer>	We've worked on - and demoed at occasions - a system that relies on a user-centric flow with corporate-centric credential objects... is that close to what you think of, Dick? (like in the good old 'info card' days)
[Tue 11:28:06] <voip-vctf>	Karen O'Donoghue [SIP/173.226.66.171-0000054b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:28:33] <voip-vctf>	Karen O'Donoghue [SIP/173.226.66.171-0000054b] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:28:36] <dlongley>	manu: The other point to make about these questions is that they are just suggestions. During your interview, please feel free to discuss whatever you want. They are just there to help you figure out the type of input we're looking for.
[Tue 11:28:44] <dlongley>	manu: Any feedback on open questions or general feedback?
[Tue 11:28:47] <Drummond>	I don't see a question focused directly on portable identifiers (it's inherent in the "moving claims" topic).
[Tue 11:29:11] <manu>	q+
[Tue 11:29:13] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:29:14] <manu>	q-
[Tue 11:29:15] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 11:29:16] *	dlongley you can do q+ if you want to put yourself on the queue to speak
[Tue 11:29:43] <dlongley>	Drummond: It's a pretty good question list. Maybe the question of portable identifiers is important enough that there isn't a direct question about that. It's a good list, it's comprehensive.
[Tue 11:29:51] <dlongley>	manu: I'll add a question about portable identifiers.
[Tue 11:29:53] <ShaneM>	that's a good point!
[Tue 11:29:57] <DSinger>	We need to know if W3C is the right place, and has the right people and skills
[Tue 11:30:03] <dick>	I don't think portable identifiers are a required part of the architecture.
[Tue 11:30:26] <David_C>	I agree with Dick re portable IDs
[Tue 11:30:35] <dick>	I think there is an important problem to be solved. It is unclear what role W3C should or could play.
[Tue 11:30:41] <dlongley>	ShaneM: Are service-centric identifiers a problem?
[Tue 11:31:11] <voip-vctf>	Karen O'Donoghue [SIP/173.226.66.171-0000054c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:31:23] <dlongley>	manu: Ok, great input, that's the type of stuff we hope come up in the interviews.
[Tue 11:31:32] <Kerri_Lemoie>	Kerri: Should the distributed web be explored? Blockchain, bittorrent....
[Tue 11:31:35] <dlongley>	manu: Dick is saying the problem is important but unclear what role W3C should play.
[Tue 11:31:38] <voip-vctf>	Karen O'Donoghue [SIP/173.226.66.171-0000054c] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:31:40] <Drummond>	That's a great question, given that aspects of this problem have been tackled by IETF and OASIS and OpenID Foundation and Open Identity Exchange as well.
[Tue 11:31:47] <Drummond>	I'm sure I've left out others.
[Tue 11:31:57] <dlongley>	manu: Brad Hill together a real quick document giving us his thoughts before this call happened.
[Tue 11:31:59] <manu>	Brad Hill's feedback so far: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aFAPObWUKEiSvPVqh9w1e6_L3iH4T08FQbJIOOlCvzU/edit?usp=sharing
[Tue 11:32:24] <dlongley>	manu: That's a list of all of the concerns he's had so far. General concerns about problem statement, fraud abuse, trust, all that stuff.
[Tue 11:32:45] <dlongley>	manu: This is the type of feedback that is super helpful. We want to make sure we're considering all the pitfalls with the problem statement as proposed, etc.
[Tue 11:33:09] <dlongley>	manu: If you have time to provide that kind of input that would be super helpful. Written input is good, at some point we're going to document what you tell us one way or another.
[Tue 11:33:35] <dlongley>	manu: Putting it in a google doc is good because we can iterate one that, but also showing up on a call and rambling about everything you're concerned about for an hour is also good. We'll have someone scribe it.
[Tue 11:34:05] <dlongley>	manu: Any questions on how to provide feedback or the questions or type of input we're looking for? Does everyone feel comfortable, if we get on a call with you one-on-one you can let us know what you think directly?
[Tue 11:34:12] <Drummond>	Yes, this is great background.
[Tue 11:34:28] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000054d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:34:28] <dlongley>	Drummond: Absolutely, this is excellent background.
[Tue 11:34:31] <dlongley>	manu: David Singer, Ted?
[Tue 11:34:34] <dlongley>	manu: Karen?
[Tue 11:34:37] <Drummond>	I also like the idea of putting feedback and thoughts in a Google doc.
[Tue 11:34:46] <DSinger>	Good so far
[Tue 11:34:50] <dlongley>	Topic: The Interviews
[Tue 11:34:50] <dlongley>	manu: After listening to this, reading the minutes again would you be able to provide some input?
[Tue 11:35:18] *	jasonweaver (~jasonweaver@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:35:22] <dlongley>	manu: We're hoping to do interviews in the last two weeks of January and we're hoping to get them finished as quickly as possible so we can iterate and keep our rapid progress going.
[Tue 11:35:36] <dlongley>	manu: Let me bring up the questionaire on your availability
[Tue 11:35:56] <manu>	If you have been asked to do an interview - please sign up for some times that work for you during the last two weeks of January: http://goo.gl/forms/RY4f5h36Y5
[Tue 11:36:09] <dlongley>	manu: Please let us know what time works for you on that form.
[Tue 11:36:11] *	erok210 (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:36:25] <dlongley>	manu: When you let us know, it will be the same dial number as now ... hopefully with any issues resolved.
[Tue 11:36:36] <dlongley>	manu: We're going to go through anything that's on your mind, any concerns, etc.
[Tue 11:36:51] <dlongley>	manu: That's it as far as background and what the problem statement and scope is and the key questions we're going to ask you and the type of feedback expected.
[Tue 11:37:00] <dlongley>	manu: Any other questions from the people doing an interview? Do you feel well-prepared?
[Tue 11:37:09] <dlongley>	Drummond: I certainly do.
[Tue 11:37:24] <dlongley>	manu: We're going to try and circle back around with Dick Hardt and Brad Hill because they couldn't dial in.
[Tue 11:37:27] <DSinger>	I am sure more questions will come up in internal discussion, ...
[Tue 11:37:31] <dick>	I don't really know what I missed by not being on the call.
[Tue 11:38:00] <voip-vctf>	Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000051f] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:38:01] <dlongley>	manu: If there aren't any other questions please fill out that form and let us know what time works for you. Thanks everyone so much for your time, it's really appreciated.
[Tue 11:38:02] <voip-vctf>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.110-00000536] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:38:03] <ShaneM>	Good briefing!  Thanks!
[Tue 11:42:03] <manu>	Apologies to those that had connectivity issues, we'll try to figure out what happened.
[Tue 11:42:03] <manu>	Present+ Tibbetts, Burnett, DeLorenzo, hober, Carla
