[Tue 11:03:32] <manu>	scribe: shanem
[Tue 11:03:32] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Aug/0000.html
[Tue 11:04:23] <ShaneM>	manu: We need to talk about Wendy Seltzer's responses. We'll do that at the beginning of the call. Any other changes to the agenda? 
[Tue 11:04:23] <NateOtto>	manu, David Chadwick also requested to add two items to agenda: "i) expiry time of credentials, ii) definitions for user-centric and privacy-enhancing"

[Tue 11:04:18] <ShaneM>	TOPIC: Feedback on Charter from W3C Management
[Tue 11:04:22] *	dlongley workign for me
[Tue 11:04:50] *	ChristopherA (~ChristopherA@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:05:37] <ShaneM>	manu: wendy is the domain lead for the activity.  needs to be okay before we put it to a vote.
[Tue 11:05:51] <voip-vctf>	Matthew Larson [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000048] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:51] <ShaneM>	... has provided some high level feedback.  Similar to stuff we have been hearing for a while.
[Tue 11:05:59] <ShaneM>	... has not made specific suggestions.  Just raised general concerns.
[Tue 11:06:17] <ShaneM>	... High level points:
[Tue 11:06:24] <ShaneM>	... Problem Statement is too over-arching
[Tue 11:06:34] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/charter/#problem
[Tue 11:07:15] <ShaneM>	... Usually a charter problem statement will be solved when the group is complete.
[Tue 11:07:24] <ShaneM>	... she asserts that our statements are visionary.
[Tue 11:07:43] <ShaneM>	... we assert that there is no widely used self-soverign standard...
[Tue 11:07:53] <ShaneM>	... pushing back on widely used.  can't be sure that will be solved.
[Tue 11:07:54] *	dezell (~webmaster@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:08:14] <ShaneM>	... if the scope of data model, we are not specifying a protocol.  so there is no way to pass them back and forth.
[Tue 11:08:16] <voip-vctf>	17278084918 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000049] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:08:31] <dezell>	voip: 49 is dezell
[Tue 11:08:31] <voip-vctf>	Associated dezell with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000049.
[Tue 11:08:32] <ShaneM>	... we are not talking about transacting because there is no protocol.
[Tue 11:09:05] <ShaneM>	... She also took issue with the word verifying.  There is a big difference between this has a valid signature and this is connected to valid data.
[Tue 11:09:14] *	dlongley mechanism to verify the authorship of the data
[Tue 11:09:25] <ShaneM>	... we are saying that there is a mechanism to verify a digital signature, but there is no way to ensure that the data is valid.
[Tue 11:09:38] <ShaneM>	... There is substantial infrastructure required to make self-soverign meaningful.
[Tue 11:09:46] <ShaneM>	... we would need more to have a complete ecosystem.
[Tue 11:10:05] <ShaneM>	... there is no way to ensure that the claims would be used in a privacy-enhancing manner.  The links could be used in a privacy invasive manner.
[Tue 11:10:12] <dlongley>	(if this is helpful: digital signatures are a mechanism for verifying the authorship of the claim ... that's what what is 'verifiable' about the claims)
[Tue 11:10:15] <ShaneM>	Manu:  She found similar problems with the goals.
[Tue 11:10:34] <ShaneM>	... she would like us to narrow the goals down to things that are achieveable.
[Tue 11:10:54] <ShaneM>	... Also saying that she does not quite understand how service provider independence would work with what we are proposing.
[Tue 11:11:12] <ShaneM>	... She doesn't see how we can develop vocabularies for groups that do not participate.
[Tue 11:11:29] <dlongley>	and the vocabularies are interoperable
[Tue 11:11:40] *	Richard_Varn (~Richard_Varn@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:11:42] <ShaneM>	Manu: there is some confusion about what we are proposing.  We are not saying that we will define the terminology.  We are saying we will define the data format FOR the vocabularies.
[Tue 11:12:05] <ShaneM>	manu: we will need to close the loop with her on some of these.  We can probably make edits to address some others.
[Tue 11:12:18] <ShaneM>	manu: we have not heard back from the JWT folks.
[Tue 11:12:35] <ShaneM>	crocker: there was a discussion at the IETF meeting
[Tue 11:12:43] <ShaneM>	... it was brief.  two items stand out.
[Tue 11:13:11] <ShaneM>	... One clarified the suggestion about education vertical.  Wendy made the comment that it was suggested because that was where the effort had gotten support as far as she knew.
[Tue 11:13:37] <ShaneM>	... The other was more general: She wasn't seeing a depth of support that would encourage one to believe that it would get adopted once the work was done.
[Tue 11:13:47] <ShaneM>	... I can't evaluate how accurate that is.
[Tue 11:13:51] <manu>	q+ to respond to "depth of support"
[Tue 11:13:51] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:14:29] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:14:29] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to respond to "depth of support").
[Tue 11:14:34] <ShaneM>	... Sometimes efforts like these get started because some people are enthusiastic. When there is a strong support of implelentors and consumers there is more likelihood of success.
[Tue 11:14:49] <manu>	these are the organizatins that say they're going to implement: http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/implementers/
[Tue 11:14:54] <ShaneM>	manu: one of the issues we have with that sort of comment is that we have gone to a lot of trouble to present those organizations.
[Tue 11:15:04] <manu>	demonstrate that there is industry support: http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/support/
[Tue 11:15:07] <ShaneM>	... as far as industry suypport we went to a lot of trouble to demonstrate that there is industry support.
[Tue 11:15:20] <ShaneM>	... I am wondering if she still feels that is not enough.  If so that is very confusing to me
[Tue 11:15:29] <ShaneM>	... We have had others that had far less support and got started.
[Tue 11:15:58] <ShaneM>	manu: I feel like we have answered the question over and over again.  Either Wendy has not seen the links or they are not convincing to her.
[Tue 11:16:20] <ShaneM>	crocker: I have known wendy for a long time but not very well.  My superficial assessment is that she is focusing upon pragmatics.
[Tue 11:16:49] <ShaneM>	... my experience with these types of situations is that they need a sit-down dialog with the proponents and thrash it out in realtime.
[Tue 11:17:06] <ShaneM>	... these types of differences in perception don't get resolved in emails.
[Tue 11:17:18] <ShaneM>	manu: we have tried to get a meeting for a long time.  Wendy is very busy.
[Tue 11:17:36] <ShaneM>	... my hope is that we can have that sit-down soon.  We are having it with microsoft now and we are making progress.
[Tue 11:17:53] <ShaneM>	allen: has there been any progress with Google?
[Tue 11:17:57] <ShaneM>	manu: no - not yet.
[Tue 11:18:02] <ShaneM>	crocker: who's the contact?
[Tue 11:18:26] <ShaneM>	manu: Chris Wilson the issue but it was mainly on process.  It is not clear if Chris was coordinating with the Google identity team.
[Tue 11:18:39] <ShaneM>	... if anyone ahs a contact there please letme know.
[Tue 11:18:54] <ShaneM>	manu: my thinking is that if google withdraws their objection, microsoft will follow suit.
[Tue 11:19:07] <ShaneM>	... we would prefer they both say this is great stuff and we want to be involved.
[Tue 11:19:14] <ShaneM>	... we are still trying to get in touch with Google.
[Tue 11:19:21] <ShaneM>	q+ to say I can do that
[Tue 11:19:21] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: ShaneM
[Tue 11:19:34] <erkorb_rm>	Is there someone else who can contact them?
[Tue 11:19:50] <ShaneM>	chadwick: perhaps microsoft's objection is different than google's
[Tue 11:19:58] <ShaneM>	... maybe it is a business issue, not a technical issue.

[Tue 11:20:11] <ShaneM>	manu: that may be the case, but it is not what they said on the phone and in email.
[Tue 11:20:16] <ShaneM>	... they are usually straight forward.
[Tue 11:20:54] <manu>	ack ShaneM 
[Tue 11:20:54] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor (to say I can do that).
[Tue 11:20:56] <ShaneM>	... we have not seen them strongly oppose work that actively overlaps with one of their business units.  But that doesnt mean it is implossible
[Tue 11:21:13] <manu>	ShaneM: I can reach out to Google.
[Tue 11:21:14] <ShaneM>	ACTION: ShaneM to reach out to Chris Wilson about google contact
[Tue 11:21:56] <ShaneM>	Otto: Are we going to edit the problem statement?  Or are we waiting?
[Tue 11:22:12] <ShaneM>	manu: yes - I am going to do it because I am the only one who has been in contact with everyone.
[Tue 11:22:29] <ShaneM>	... I will put it up as a draft alternative. Bring it back to see if the group agrees.
[Tue 11:22:37] <ShaneM>	... might be a fairly aggressive set of changes.
[Tue 11:22:54] <ShaneM>	... which will be okay if the group goes for it...  and if that satisfies the objections.
[Tue 11:22:58] <ShaneM>	nate: good luck!
[Tue 11:23:03] <ShaneM>	manu: probably no meeting next week.
[Tue 11:23:11] <NateOtto>	Here's some text I put together as we were chatting, you may consider -- or it may be quite a bit off where you want to go with it: "There is no standard data format and vocabulary that may currently be used to make claims about entities and the properties attributable to them in a way that is compatible across industries, carries verifiable digital signatures, and protects the privacy and agency of the individuals and organizations that are the subjects of these claims."
[Tue 11:23:46] <ShaneM>	dezell: I have a conversation coming up with Microsoft.
[Tue 11:23:56] <ShaneM>	manu: different than the one I have been having.
[Tue 11:24:07] <manu>	q+ ChristopherA
[Tue 11:24:07] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:24:29] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-0000004a] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:24:30] <ShaneM>	dezell: Mike Champion and I have worked together for years.  No one has a crystal ball.  Some objections might be about making a complicated set of udner constructions standards.
[Tue 11:24:54] <ShaneM>	... it is kind of a thin argument.  None of the activities may be adequate.  The group has tried looking at things that are already in progress.
[Tue 11:25:36] <ShaneM>	... I know MS cares about ISO and X9.  I know that the people involved from the Petro and Payments side are pretty disenchanted as they apply to payments.  even if you look at the ISO/X9 way of doing things there are things missing.
[Tue 11:25:56] *	stone_ (~stone@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:26:07] <ShaneM>	... it may come up that the WG that is being proposed will develop the data model, but then step back and give the requiremetns to the speciality groups to create the PKI structure or whatever.
[Tue 11:26:18] <ShaneM>	... I would like to talk with you, Manu, before my meeting with Mike.
[Tue 11:26:30] <ShaneM>	manu: we are actively working the problem.  Trying to find common ground.
[Tue 11:26:35] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 11:26:35] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:27:15] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: MS is doing a variety of things relating to blockchain.  Daniel Duchner is working with the block stack people on bringing that tech into MS related work
[Tue 11:27:42] <ShaneM>	... as I understand it they are working with other groups.  I know that blockstack is planning on using verified credentials and JSON-LD and other things.
[Tue 11:27:54] <manu>	q+ to make a few notes about Kim Cameron.
[Tue 11:27:54] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:28:01] <ShaneM>	... so there is work in this space ongoing at MS.  They put a lot of importance into BC.
[Tue 11:28:04] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:28:04] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to make a few notes about Kim Cameron.).
[Tue 11:28:05] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000004b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:28:14] <ShaneM>	... whoever is talking to them might remind MS that internally they are already interested.
[Tue 11:28:50] <ShaneM>	manu: there are three touchpoints.  dezell is speaking to the AC rep.  Manu is speaking with the identity contact.  And then Kim Cameron - identity czar at MS
[Tue 11:29:16] <ShaneM>	... Mike doesn't have a position as far as I know.  Anthony doesn't seem as opposed.  Kim's group is already actively looking at VC.
[Tue 11:29:18] <ShaneM>	... there isn't one opinion at MS.  They are coming up to speed.
[Tue 11:29:43] <ShaneM>	... It is migrating to "let it run its course" or "let's get more involved".
[Tue 11:29:52] *	ShaneM wow these are detailed minutes
[Tue 11:30:07] <manu>	Topic: Verifiable Claims Face-to-Face Agenda
[Tue 11:30:12] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uYDRcHs_EOpJzezJerKnKT4Grni1sFLX2nRp7zlq2BE/edit
[Tue 11:30:33] <ShaneM>	manu: based upon most recent feedback it is not going to happen in time for TPAC
[Tue 11:30:52] <ShaneM>	... the most we can hope for is that if the vote is open we can invite people to participate.  Bring people up to speed.
[Tue 11:31:05] <ShaneM>	... we have asked the WPIG for a block of time.
[Tue 11:31:29] <ShaneM>	... There is an opportunity to hang the meeting off another meeting at the end of October.
[Tue 11:31:34] *	dezell needs to be more careful
[Tue 11:31:51] <ShaneM>	... Last day of IIW and day after
[Tue 11:32:17] <ShaneM>	... We have floated the idea past Phil just to get it on the radar.  Given the schedule that is the most reasonable plan we could have for a F2F meeting.
[Tue 11:32:29] <ShaneM>	... The upside is whether the WG happens or not we can probably do something at IIW.
[Tue 11:32:40] <ShaneM>	... We are going to have to plan all of it ourselves and pay for it ourselves.
[Tue 11:32:53] <ShaneM>	... We need to find sponsors, figure out space etc.
[Tue 11:33:00] <ShaneM>	ShaneM: +1 to attaching it to IIW
[Tue 11:33:24] <ShaneM>	Manu: It'll be around October 27 & 28
[Tue 11:33:34] <NateOtto>	Can't come -- in London for MozFest until the 31st. But +1 to attaching a F2F to a compatible event sometime in the latter half of 2016.
[Tue 11:33:36] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: we also have a rebooting web of trust at the end of september
[Tue 11:33:50] <ShaneM>	... We have had enough people who are critical who feel like they cannot make that meeting.
[Tue 11:34:05] <ShaneM>	... We want it to be a 3 day event but the first day is a conflict.
[Tue 11:34:15] <ShaneM>	... We were talking about moving it to the three days before IIW.
[Tue 11:34:27] <ShaneM>	... MS says that they can hold that space for us.
[Tue 11:34:43] <ShaneM>	... 10 or so people have paid for the original dates so we are closing the loop with them.
[Tue 11:35:08] <ShaneM>	... Maybe we should contact Daniel about the MS space and if that might work for the VC F2F.
[Tue 11:35:24] <ShaneM>	ACTION: Manu to contact Daniel and ask about the space around IIW.
[Tue 11:35:46] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: Does this change the TPAC plan?
[Tue 11:36:13] <ShaneM>	manu: there will still be 2 VC events at TPAC.  Breakout session on Wednesday and another during the WPIG meeting.  Talk about charter questions etc.
[Tue 11:36:17] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:36:17] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dezell
[Tue 11:36:44] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: I am trying to rate my attendence at that meeting.  This is the only topic I am interested in.  Do I travel to Lisbon for that?
[Tue 11:36:55] <ShaneM>	manu: it would have been ideal to have a f2f there... but it is too slow.
[Tue 11:37:02] <manu>	ack dezell 
[Tue 11:37:02] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:37:04] *	ShaneM things it won't be worth it for you ChristopherA
[Tue 11:37:30] <ShaneM>	dezell: As we are building this agenda for TPAC (WPIG) manu you should get a page and put this down as a definite session.
[Tue 11:37:47] <ShaneM>	manu: I thought Ian said he didn't want anything definite yet.
[Tue 11:38:05] <ShaneM>	dezell: well, putting your name on the slot makes it more definite.
[Tue 11:38:18] <ChristopherA>	What was that topic named?
[Tue 11:38:24] *	manu PSD2
[Tue 11:38:39] <ShaneM>	dezell: if you have additional topics for the IG that would make the meeting more interesting just let me know.
[Tue 11:38:57] <ShaneM>	... I know that I wanted to talk with you ChristopherA about emerging markets.  Maybe that is of interest?
[Tue 11:39:14] <ChristopherA>	Thank you.
[Tue 11:39:16] *	ShaneM says DO IT
[Tue 11:39:33] <ShaneM>	david: not available.  At a meeting in Paris.
[Tue 11:39:39] <Richard_Varn>	Varn: As noted before, EDUCAUSE is october 25-28 in Anaheim. i am currently planning on attending that
[Tue 11:40:07] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: I could do the friday before IIW (21st of October).
[Tue 11:40:12] <Richard_Varn>	varn: I can do that
[Tue 11:40:16] <ShaneM>	david: I could probably do that.  I need to know pretty soon though.
[Tue 11:40:17] <NateOtto>	Doesn't make a difference for me. I'm blocked October 15-31. But I'm just one.. :)
[Tue 11:40:36] <stone_>	stone: my calendar is open for late Oct.
[Tue 11:40:52] <ShaneM>	manu: that is really pretty interesting.  We could do it the friday and saturday...
[Tue 11:41:13] <ChristopherA>	What is the paris event?
[Tue 11:41:15] <ShaneM>	... WG meetings are usually two days. I think having it on the 27th and 28th.  But if there is no venue then it doesn't matter.
[Tue 11:41:30] <ShaneM>	manu: I will keep you in the loop ChristopherA so that we are not stomping on one another's events.
[Tue 11:41:46] <ShaneM>	crocker: The anti-abuse group is meeting in Paris at that time.
[Tue 11:41:59] *	ShaneM notes 20 minutes remaining
[Tue 11:42:15] <NateOtto>	https://www.m3aawg.org/upcoming-meetings in Paris M3AAWG Oct 24-27 FYI
[Tue 11:42:32] <manu>	Topic: Terminology and Expiration
[Tue 11:42:55] <ShaneM>	Chadwick: I am writing a paper about VC and an implementation we ahve done
[Tue 11:43:16] <ShaneM>	... a key point is that VC are user centric and privacy enabled.  They are not in the glossary.  They should be.
[Tue 11:43:20] *	dlongley documentation is final VCTF report -- but that's superceded now
[Tue 11:43:26] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/charter/#terminology
[Tue 11:43:27] <ShaneM>	... I have provided some candidate definitions.
[Tue 11:43:34] <ShaneM>	manu: we have definitions int he charter
[Tue 11:43:49] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:43:49] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:43:54] <ShaneM>	... they should have been in the glossary.  Can you look them over and see if you agree or if they should be changed?
[Tue 11:44:11] <NateOtto>	I see self-sovereign, but I don't see "user-centric" or "privacy enabling"
[Tue 11:44:33] <ShaneM>	Chadwick: They key terms are not in that glossary.
[Tue 11:44:56] <ChristopherA>	+q
[Tue 11:45:03] <manu>	q+ ChristopherA
[Tue 11:45:03] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: dlongley, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:45:06] <manu>	ack dlongley
[Tue 11:45:06] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:45:11] <ShaneM>	dlongley: we stopped using the term user-centric.  We switched to self-sovereign.  We had some discussions about privacy enhancing and how much we wanted totalk about that.
[Tue 11:45:52] <ShaneM>	Chadwick: we don't have the term defined.  It would be okay to have a local definition of user-centric or replace it with another.
[Tue 11:46:06] <ShaneM>	david: I recommend against using the term with a new definition.
[Tue 11:46:20] <ShaneM>	dlongley: our intention was to replace the term.
[Tue 11:46:24] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 11:46:24] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:46:35] <manu>	q+ to timebox
[Tue 11:46:35] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:47:03] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: I am responding to the privacy question...  I am hoping that we can defer identifier and confidentiality issues.
[Tue 11:47:04] <dlongley>	q+ to say that David may be referring to the VCTF final report
[Tue 11:47:04] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: manu, dlongley
[Tue 11:47:22] <ShaneM>	... I need the format now.  We can dive deeper in another round of work.
[Tue 11:47:39] <ShaneM>	... are we saying there are real privacy enhancements now?
[Tue 11:48:18] <dlongley>	"omnidirectional vs. unidirectional"
[Tue 11:48:27] <ShaneM>	manu: we are saying that we are enabling it.  Privacy has a lot to do with the idenitifiers that are used.  If an identifier is long lived and ties everything together it is NOT privacy enhancing.  If you have one that is generated on each transaction...
[Tue 11:48:42] <ShaneM>	... let's not do this in 1.0.  we can do it in 2.0 as long as we are very aware of the limitations.
[Tue 11:49:30] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: In many cases it is not even the data.   I didn't know if moving things forward causes thigns to be unclear.  We just want flexibility for the future.
[Tue 11:49:38] <ShaneM>	manu: we have 10 minutes left.
[Tue 11:49:59] <ShaneM>	Chadwick: Expiration time.  Nothing has really come of the discussions.
[Tue 11:50:12] <dlongley>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/ <-- much of this supersedes the VCTF final report, so whatever terms are there are what we're proposing to W3C
[Tue 11:50:15] <dlongley>	q-
[Tue 11:50:15] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been removed from the queue: manu
[Tue 11:50:18] <ShaneM>	chadwick: I thought we had agreed that there should be a time in the credential.
[Tue 11:50:23] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:50:23] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to timebox).
[Tue 11:50:39] <ShaneM>	... there needs to be a way to ensure that credentials can expire.  Nothing is in there now.
[Tue 11:50:57] <NateOtto>	On expiration: Sounds like something the official work should take up and make part of the vocabulary. I don't think expiration should be a mandatory property of a credential.
[Tue 11:51:03] <ShaneM>	manu: there is nothing in the proposal, but it is all over the spec.  I think what you are asking is that it is there in the definition.
[Tue 11:51:21] <ShaneM>	Chadwick: It should be a mandatory propoerty of a credential.
[Tue 11:51:43] <ShaneM>	manu: The group has typically landed on that propoerty being optional and specified by the vertical.
[Tue 11:51:54] <stone_>	stone: should recommend the verification package have an expiration period that's separate from the claim itself
[Tue 11:52:05] <ShaneM>	manu: on the other hand ever use case we have seen has included expiry information.
[Tue 11:52:16] <ShaneM>	... we have always intended stuff to expire in the general case.
[Tue 11:52:21] <ChristopherA>	In Smart Signatures, the expiration is part of the signature, but it is a separate standard.
[Tue 11:52:27] <manu>	Topic: Linked Data Encrypted Signatures
[Tue 11:52:32] <stone_>	+1 on smart signatures
[Tue 11:52:40] <ChristopherA>	(i.e. the signature expires, not the cliam)
[Tue 11:53:12] <ShaneM>	NateOtto: Reading use cases and saw that no use case requires the actual subject of the claim.  That seems strange in a self-sovereign architecture.
[Tue 11:53:41] <ShaneM>	... it feels inconsistent in that any older of a claim could share the claim with anyone else without the approval of the subject.
[Tue 11:53:46] <stone_>	stone: in concept, the claim payload is still available, but no longer verifiable in "this" transaction
[Tue 11:54:00] <voip-vctf>	15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000004c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:54:07] <ShaneM>	... I proposed an optional extension to have the subject and the issuer to agree on inspectors who can verify the claim.
[Tue 11:54:46] <ShaneM>	manu: we had a discussion off line and in email about encrypted signatures.  So that only the targeted recipient can decrypt the signature and verify the data.
[Tue 11:54:53] <ShaneM>	... how does this really protect the subject.
[Tue 11:54:57] <ChristopherA>	That feels like a signature format
[Tue 11:55:12] <dlongley>	i'd like to see any of this be heavily use case driven
[Tue 11:55:12] <ShaneM>	... not clear.  But regardless it demonstrates how flexible linked data signatures are.
[Tue 11:55:53] <dlongley>	q+ ChristopherA
[Tue 11:55:53] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:56:01] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 11:56:01] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:56:03] <ShaneM>	manu: If the goal is to make sure that the receiver of the information cannot misuse it... well, that's not possible.  Once an inspector has the information, they can do anything with the data.
[Tue 11:56:03] <NateOtto>	To be clear: any information that an individual has may be shared with others. I posit that there is a significant difference between a verifiable claim and an unverifiable claim (a claim with a signature that cannot be verified by the holder).
[Tue 11:56:05] <ChristopherA>	(You can make it such that forwarded it doesn't validate)
[Tue 11:56:23] <ShaneM>	manu: we don't think the technical solution prevents misuse of their information.
[Tue 11:56:47] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: You can't prevent someone from taking the claim information and passing it on, but you CAN make it such that the signature is not valid when you pass it on.
[Tue 11:56:49] <manu>	q+ to note protocol counter-signs hand-off to inspector.
[Tue 11:56:49] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, manu
[Tue 11:56:56] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 11:56:57] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:57:07] <NateOtto>	+1 to ChristopherA. I think this subtle distinction may be significant in the long run. At least enough that I may be interested in implementing this behavior.
[Tue 11:57:21] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000004d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:57:23] <ShaneM>	... if you are only relying upon VC as being valid, then it will work.
[Tue 11:58:10] <ShaneM>	Chadwick: The issue is about trust.  You use the signature so that you know who sent it.  If I cannot check the signature but I get it from someone else who says "I chedked it" and I trust them, then I have a trust chain and it holds up.
[Tue 11:58:41] <dlongley>	very clear use cases will help
[Tue 11:58:46] <ShaneM>	manu: that all folds into whether the information remains trustworthy.  If you want to restrict forwarding of VALID data there are ways to do that.
[Tue 11:59:25] <ChristopherA>	(it is even possible to link those two, such that the sign fails untill the countersign is made)
[Tue 11:59:27] <ShaneM>	manu: in case people are not aware, the current protocol has the subject countersign the claim when it is handed over.  One is from the original issuer, and one from the subject that indicates "I was in control when I handed it over to you, inspector".
[Tue 11:59:36] <NateOtto>	+1 to David. A chain of trust is a valid use case for this. This is not designed to prevent an inspector who has verified the signature from telling others about that information in a technical sense. That is actually a valuable use case as well. I doubt that all implementers of VCs will want to implement this extra complicated behavior, but there are some valuable use cases I think for some people implementing this.
[Tue 11:59:38] <manu>	q?
[Tue 11:59:38] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:59:41] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:59:41] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note protocol counter-signs hand-off to inspector.).
[Tue 11:59:42] <ShaneM>	manu: even that mechanism does not prevent the misuse of information.
[Tue 12:00:01] <NateOtto>	Sounds like my task will be to define a better set of use cases. Thanks for bringing this to the floor, manu.
[Tue 11:59:42] <ShaneM> Present+ chadwick, korb, kennedy, varn, crocker, allen, larson, ezell, stone, chasen
