[Tue 11:05:34] <gkellogg>	scribe: gkellogg
[Tue 11:04:21] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Jul/0015.html
[Tue 11:05:34] <gkellogg>	manu: Brendan is joining us today, intro later.
[Tue 11:05:51] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to Brendan Benshoof
[Tue 11:06:02] <retsej>	Blame: I've not been able to join
[Tue 11:06:21] *	manu retsej - try dialing in via phone: tel:+1-540-961-4469;ext=6304 (extension 6304)
[Tue 11:06:29] <gkellogg>	blame: I’m a grad student at georga state university. I work on distributed hash tables and making them do things they weren’t intended for.
[Tue 11:06:50] <manu>	voip: 008e is Laura
[Tue 11:06:50] <voip-cr>	Associated Laura with SIP/69.71.222.196-0000008e.
[Tue 11:06:50] <gkellogg>	… You have a black box labeled that, and I think I might be the one to remove the magic from it.
[Tue 11:06:56] *	SLee (8e884c69@gateway/web/freenode/ip.142.136.76.105) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:06:56] <NateOtto>	That would be cool if you could make some magic real, Brendan. Nice to meet you.
[Tue 11:07:36] <gkellogg>	manu: we hang out on the #ipfs chanel, and a number of folks there are interested in decentralized hash tables and have been talking about stuff there for a while.
[Tue 11:07:52] <gkellogg>	… Hopefully, Blame will be able to join us and help us there, happy to have you!
[Tue 11:07:55] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:08:17] <manu>	voip: 008f is Sunny
[Tue 11:08:18] <voip-cr>	Associated Sunny with SIP/142.136.76.105-0000008f.
[Tue 11:08:49] <gkellogg>	… That will help us have deeper discussions about decentralized identifiers.
[Tue 11:09:00] <manu>	Topic: Recruiting
[Tue 11:09:06] <voip-cr>	16786651415 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000092] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:43] <gkellogg>	manu: I’ve been busy for the last week, but have been invited to speak at the Federal Reserve’s payment symposium. It’s an invite-only event with core-finanical folk.s
[Tue 11:10:10] <gkellogg>	… They’re specifically interested in W3C and credentials. That puts a lot of weight behind what we’re doing.
[Tue 11:10:25] <gkellogg>	… That would allow us to get more recruits in from govt and finanical services.
[Tue 11:10:51] <gkellogg>	eric: we’re working on a project with IMS global; we’re using the JSON-LD format for credentials to express an extended transcript.
[Tue 11:11:18] <gkellogg>	… We expect to demonstrate a prototype at “educause” in november.
[Tue 11:11:18] <NateOtto>	EDUCAUSE conference in Indianapolis in October.
[Tue 11:11:30] <gkellogg>	… Mark Leuba is the chair of that at IMS Global.
[Tue 11:11:55] <gkellogg>	… That will come a multi-purpose issuer to sign such documents, and a spec for describing a transcript in JSON-LD.
[Tue 11:12:05] <gkellogg>	… This includes many open-source projects to describe this.
[Tue 11:12:24] <gkellogg>	… I’ve also been asked to talk to an IMS quarterly meeting on AUgust 17th.
[Tue 11:12:45] <gkellogg>	manu: these are great opportunities, but a bit late for W3C’s needs.
[Tue 11:13:06] <gkellogg>	eric: I invited Credly to invite us, and will follow up.
[Tue 11:13:44] <gkellogg>	manu: there’s a punch-list of about 100 W3C members that it would be great if you could help follow-up on.
[Tue 11:14:36] <gkellogg>	nate: I’ve talked with Concentric Sky, and we’re going to do a review and have an answer in a couple of days.
[Tue 11:15:02] <gkellogg>	… Badge Alliance is similar and should be able to give them an opinion shortly and hopefully get them to join.
[Tue 11:16:08] <gkellogg>	Matt: I’ve started a discussion with some sales people on the aclaim team. Parson has several clients that might also be good fits.
[Tue 11:16:21] *	ustonma (~ustonma@c-73-217-122-225.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:16:41] <gkellogg>	manu: we may want to get some things produced while we’re waiting on recruiting.
[Tue 11:17:06] <manu>	Topic: Producing Documents
[Tue 11:17:53] <gkellogg>	Brian: I have some time to work on docs.
[Tue 11:18:42] <gkellogg>	manu: I think we need to get back to producing documents. We do need more recruiting, and we’re not there yet, but we have other things to do.
[Tue 11:19:09] <gkellogg>	… It’s going to be hard to convince W3C at the beginning of August without 15 more organizations.
[Tue 11:19:51] <gkellogg>	… We need 30-40 at a bare minimum.
[Tue 11:20:27] <gkellogg>	… We have 18 out of 47 right now.
[Tue 11:20:44] <manu>	Here's the executive summary: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Nq543-Am1hQUIZ2hhzAFl8KexvIEBwDDc_f3Ikz1opQ/edit
[Tue 11:21:08] <gkellogg>	… At the bottom is a simple form for them to fill out, or a verbal yes is fine too.
[Tue 11:22:29] <gkellogg>	eric: I just filled it out for Accreditrust.
[Tue 11:23:05] <gkellogg>	nate: Concentric Sky needs a technical review, and will decide after that.
[Tue 11:23:29] <manu>	Topic: Vision document
[Tue 11:23:33] <gkellogg>	manu: In the mean time, the folks not recrutiting can help on documents.
[Tue 11:23:36] <manu>	http://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/Vision
[Tue 11:23:53] <gkellogg>	… We don’t have one yet, but the payments group’s could be a model.
[Tue 11:24:24] <gkellogg>	… The doc is a quick 1-2 page. Perhaps Accreditrust/Pearson could help with this, and it should be quick.
[Tue 11:24:35] <manu>	http://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/Vision#web-principles
[Tue 11:24:50] <NateOtto>	By take the lead on this document, you mean creating a "vision document" for credentials based on the template that the Web Payments IG has?
[Tue 11:24:55] <gkellogg>	… There’s a bit at the top: “Web Principles” that shouldn’t need to be re-stated.
[Tue 11:25:50] <gkellogg>	… Choice in where to store credentials, etc.
[Tue 11:26:07] <gkellogg>	eric: we can contribute.
[Tue 11:26:36] <gkellogg>	stone: I’d like to help too.
[Tue 11:26:47] <gkellogg>	gkellogg: I can help with ReSpec formatting, if you just have text.
[Tue 11:27:04] <gkellogg>	manu: RichardVarn will also help.
[Tue 11:27:39] <gkellogg>	… Deadline, beginning of August.
[Tue 11:27:42] <NateOtto>	Beginning of August is good.
[Tue 11:28:35] <Blame>	pull requests are made for this
[Tue 11:28:36] <manu>	gkellogg: We should put a skeleton ReSpec file in github
[Tue 11:28:55] <manu>	gkellogg: From practical experience, I find that working on feature branches for these types of things might work well.
[Tue 11:29:47] <gkellogg>	manu: what’s worked well is to work from a google-doc. At some point we’ll freeze it and move it over.
[Tue 11:30:16] <manu>	gkellogg: That's fine - but Github is designed for this sort of collaboration - but I don't want that to be a barrier - google doc, emails, whatever works for people, I'll edit.
[Tue 11:31:29] <NateOtto>	+1 Open Credentials
[Tue 11:31:34] <gkellogg>	manu: we’ve been talking about “Open Credentials”, but maybe “Web Credentials”, or just “Credentials”.
[Tue 11:31:44] <stone>	+1 Open Credentials
[Tue 11:32:05] <stone>	or at least -1 Web Credentials :)
[Tue 11:32:42] <manu>	Vision document is here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Y92W2FjGKb-ECrdXqtPk-nPzfGZ1FVGIVrtex9A437E/edit
[Tue 11:33:25] <manu>	This is where the group keeps it specs: https://github.com/opencreds/website/tree/master/specs
[Tue 11:35:06] <manu>	Topic: Use Cases
[Tue 11:35:12] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GySrTXAYpwa4vDPsGE3BMA42FwIAqAyLGigKuKUTGks/edit
[Tue 11:35:53] <gkellogg>	bsletten: I’ll move it over to ReSpec in the opencreds repo.
[Tue 11:36:03] *	AdrianHB (~AdrianHB@206-80-4-190.static.twtelecom.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:36:06] <gkellogg>	manu: there are some comments to resolve.
[Tue 11:36:16] <gkellogg>	bsletten: I’ll tak a pass at encorporating the comments.
[Tue 11:36:36] <manu>	Topic: Capabilities
[Tue 11:36:38] <NateOtto>	Thanks, bsletten -- feel free to ask me too if you have any questions on on of my comments.
[Tue 11:36:49] <manu>	https://dvcs.w3.org/hg/webpayments/raw-file/default/latest/capabilities/index.html
[Tue 11:37:17] <gkellogg>	manu: The WebPayments group came up with the concept of a “Web Payments Architecture”.
[Tue 11:37:31] <gkellogg>	… A credential system should be able to … (as basic capabilities).
[Tue 11:37:37] <manu>	https://dvcs.w3.org/hg/webpayments/raw-file/default/latest/capabilities/index.html#overview
[Tue 11:37:59] <gkellogg>	… In the payments group we broke them down into high-level groups. E.g., there is a core-security part, another is “trust and identity”.
[Tue 11:38:24] <gkellogg>	… Everything else has to do with payments, we would probably have stuff specifically for credentials.
[Tue 11:38:45] <gkellogg>	… We don’t have any conent for this yet, and it will be a good month of effort.
[Tue 11:39:26] <gkellogg>	bsletten: Would August be soon enough to get started?
[Tue 11:39:38] <gkellogg>	manu: A stub now would be good.
[Tue 11:39:45] <gkellogg>	matt: I can help too.
[Tue 11:40:06] <gkellogg>	Brendan: I can help jump in too.
[Tue 11:41:38] <manu>	Topic: Roadmap
[Tue 11:42:21] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/roadmap/
[Tue 11:42:36] <gkellogg>	manu: this document’s pretty old (but not terrible).
[Tue 11:42:48] <manu>	https://dvcs.w3.org/hg/webpayments/raw-file/default/latest/roadmap/index.html
[Tue 11:42:50] <gkellogg>	… The web payments group took a different approach.
[Tue 11:43:03] <manu>	https://dvcs.w3.org/hg/webpayments/raw-file/default/latest/roadmap/index.html#version-1
[Tue 11:43:21] <gkellogg>	… The purpose of the roadmap document is to be crystal clear about what a WG would work on.
[Tue 11:43:42] <gkellogg>	… It should have a very narrow scope, and specific use cases, capabilities and documents to be produced within the group’s timeframe.
[Tue 11:43:55] <gkellogg>	… This document tries to make this clear, and shows that there is a near-term end to the work.
[Tue 11:44:21] <gkellogg>	… I suggest that we lay the roadmap out in a similar way to the Web Payments group, preserving our current diagrams.
[Tue 11:44:36] <gkellogg>	… I’ll volunteer to align these two documents.
[Tue 11:44:45] <erok210>	Q+
[Tue 11:45:07] <gkellogg>	Eric: is there a way we can produce a document that shows the documents we need to produce?
[Tue 11:45:19] <gkellogg>	manu: That’s on today’s agenda.
[Tue 11:45:55] <gkellogg>	… The roadmap will reference the documents the group will publish.
[Tue 11:46:00] <manu>	gkellogg: The group would specify the documents they want to create in the roadmap.
[Tue 11:46:55] <gkellogg>	manu: these documents help rally different groups together to go in a single direction.
[Tue 11:47:38] <gkellogg>	… The goal for next week should be to have stub-documents set up for all of these documents, and get updates on progress.
[Tue 11:47:38] <gkellogg>	Present+ Rosen, Rob, taaz, laura, Sunny
