[Tue 11:04:59] <m4nu>	Agenda: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2014Oct/0041.html
[Tue 11:05:19] <dlongley>	scribe: dlongley
[Tue 11:05:35] <dlongley>	m4nu: Anything to add to the agenda?
[Tue 11:05:38] *	marybold (322ed9aa@gateway/web/freenode/ip.50.46.217.170) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:05:44] <dlongley>	No additions to agenda.
[Tue 11:05:44] <dlongley>	Mark: In transit today, can't scribe, but invited Dale to the call.
[Tue 11:05:55] <m4nu>	voip: 11169 is Dale
[Tue 11:05:56] <voip-cr>	Dale is now associated with IAX2/diamondcard-11169.
[Tue 11:06:19] <dlongley>	m4nu: Dale, would you mind giving a quick intro?
[Tue 11:06:26] <m4nu>	Topic: Intro from Dale McCrory from Courseload
[Tue 11:08:18] <dlongley>	dale: In the enterprise space, for 8-9 years, historically, I've been in the integration space, as the principle ? manager for tech sales force. The 360-degree view of an individual was important for us. How you bring together information about an individual who has a lot of different online identities was an important question. As directory of production management, "how do we follow educational experiences, etc. as they move around, eg: if one person comes back at 20s, 30s, and 50s getting an education there's no easy way to coordinate that. Identity is really important."
[Tue 11:08:20] *	Nate (47edaa31@gateway/web/freenode/ip.71.237.170.49) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:08:30] <m4nu>	voip: 788 is Nate
[Tue 11:08:31] <voip-cr>	Nate is now associated with IAX2/diamondcard-788.
[Tue 11:08:44] *	Nate is now known as Guest83193
[Tue 11:08:48] <m4nu>	voip: connection?
[Tue 11:08:49] <dlongley>	m4nu: Thanks for the intro, Dale. We loved hearing it, lots of stuff in common with what we're working on here.
[Tue 11:09:09] <dlongley>	m4nu: Nate, could you give a quick intro?
[Tue 11:09:13] <m4nu>	Topic: Introduction to Nate Otto from Concentric Sky
[Tue 11:09:39] <dlongley>	nate: I come here from the Open Badges community. I've been working with them for 2 years. I just took a job with Concentric Sky to work on badges.

[Tue 11:09:56] <dlongley>	m4nu: For those that don't know, Nate is working on badges/JSON-LD/etc and is very active in the community.
[Tue 11:10:50] <dlongley>	m4nu: Today's Agenda is mostly about prep-work for W3C TPAC next week.
[Tue 11:10:50] <m4nu>	Topic: Review Credentials CG Presentation to Web Payments IG
[Tue 11:10:52] *	Guest83193 is now known as NateOtto
[Tue 11:12:09] <m4nu>	http://opencreds.org/presentations/2014/tpac-wpig-ccg/
[Tue 11:13:22] <dlongley>	m4nu: This is a very rough draft of a presentation we're doing on Monday to the WPIG. We're trying to convince W3C that credentialing should be taken standards track sooner rather than later. Before we talk about the proposals we have on the table we need to make the case to the W3C membership. TPAC is happening next week in Santa Clara, CA. We're going to take every advantage we can to make the case for Credentials. Our first presentation will be at noon.
[Tue 11:13:36] <dlongley>	m4nu: We're trying to get people interested in the Credentials CG as well.
[Tue 11:14:16] <dlongley>	m4nu: We're taking this approach because of KYC and anti-money laundering is an important problem to solve on the Web and in finance in general, we have people from the education space on the call today and we're also looking at it from healthcare, and if we can get those 3 verticals on the same page that would be great.
[Tue 11:14:28] <dlongley>	m4nu: The presentation is designed to be a very high-level overview of credentials and badging.
[Tue 11:14:51] <dlongley>	m4nu: The second slide we just define what a credential is, that's the definition the CG agreed to in the charter.
[Tue 11:15:13] <dlongley>	m4nu: I talked to Sunny Lee and Chris McAvoy about the video that's in the presentation, etc. we'll talk about Badge Alliance.
[Tue 11:15:24] <dlongley>	m4nu: ACDT will talk about high stakes credentials and signatures, etc.
[Tue 11:15:39] <dlongley>	m4nu: We'll have ETS talk about how they are a big player in this space and they want it to succeed, etc.
[Tue 11:15:51] <dlongley>	m4nu: We're outlining that there's a really strong desire from the educational space to make this work.
[Tue 11:16:03] <dlongley>	m4nu: We don't have to talk about the financial space because those people will be there and know of the issues.
[Tue 11:16:14] <dlongley>	m4nu: The healthcare people should be able to put two and two together from that.
[Tue 11:16:34] <dlongley>	m4nu: I've got some details about the CCG there -- transparency, that we discuss tech/specs, etc.
[Tue 11:16:42] <dlongley>	m4nu: Just to get people to understand what the CG works on.
[Tue 11:16:53] <dlongley>	m4nu: Does anyone feel uncomfortable with the order or what we're presenting?
[Tue 11:17:05] <dlongley>	nate: Is someone from ETS going to be presenting with you?
[Tue 11:17:16] <dlongley>	m4nu: Bill Gebhart from ETS will be presenting
[Tue 11:18:03] <dlongley>	m4nu: The other folks we'll have in the room will be from, for example, Bloomberg, National Association of Convenience Stores, others I can't mention, about 50 people in the room, about 70% of top tech companies in the world will be in the room.
[Tue 11:18:33] <dlongley>	m4nu: Next slide covers history and where the specs come from, etc. I should add the Badge Alliance there.
[Tue 11:18:33] <NateOtto>	To do: add Badge Alliance founding (Feb 2014) to Brief History slide
[Tue 11:19:04] <dlongley>	m4nu: Next slide we outline clear, narrow focus, don't want to "solve the whole identity on the Web problem."
[Tue 11:19:23] <dlongley>	m4nu: That means different things to different people and there's a rich history of failure around those sorts of initiatives. We want to keep our focus tight.
[Tue 11:19:40] <dlongley>	m4nu: Next we talk about design criteria and link to use cases.
[Tue 11:20:10] <dlongley>	m4nu: Then we show the technology stack we're using today.
[Tue 11:20:19] <dlongley>	m4nu: Anything not clear?
[Tue 11:20:28] <dlongley>	Group feels the presentation is acceptable, but images can't be viewed in recent version of Google Chrome.
[Tue 11:21:50] <dmccrory>	I can't see them either (and in Chrome)
[Tue 11:22:27] <m4nu>	Direct links to images - tech stack: http://opencreds.org/presentations/2014/tpac-wpig-ccg/images/technologyStack.svg
[Tue 11:22:43] <m4nu>	collaborators: http://opencreds.org/presentations/2014/tpac-wpig-ccg/images/collaborators.svg
[Tue 11:24:26] <dlongley> dlongley: "modelling" is mispelled i think (should be 1 L)
[Tue 11:25:33] <dlongley>	m4nu: We didn't want to list any organizations that we're working with yet that we haven't had a discussion about putting their information up there.
[Tue 11:26:34] <dlongley>	m4nu: Any concerns about collaborators or what's in the diagram/what's missing?
[Tue 11:26:49] <dlongley>	m4nu: Keep in mind we can have input on these slides up until Friday.
[Tue 11:27:29] <dlongley>	m4nu: Next slide is about what information CCG will feed into WPIG.
[Tue 11:28:00] <dlongley>	m4nu: We'll also continue to experiment with pre-standards tech and do outreach.
[Tue 11:28:24] <dlongley>	m4nu: Slide 13 is just a high-level ... "where do you want to go from here?" We have options for discussion.
[Tue 11:29:05] <dlongley>	m4nu: We could look at use cases, specs, demos, input from IGF.
[Tue 11:29:15] <NateOtto>	Manu, for slide 13, you mentioned you needed to put in an open badges demo. Let me know if you need help figuring out what to put there.
[Tue 11:30:19] <dlongley>	m4nu: Please send me some links for Badge Alliance stuff ... info packed and shorter is better.
[Tue 11:30:34] <dlongley>	m4nu: Send whatever you think is best, pull Sunny and Chris in maybe and figure out what you guys want in there.
[Tue 11:30:46] <NateOtto>	Cool, will talk to them and get back to you in a couple days.
[Tue 11:31:08] <dlongley>	m4nu: So we'll fix the image issues, link to some more Open Badge/Badge Alliance demos, specs, etc.
[Tue 11:31:28] <dlongley>	m4nu: If anyone thinks of anything between now and Friday please send it to the mailing list so we can get the changes in ASAP.
[Tue 11:31:08] <dlongley>	m4nu: Bill, we need input from ETS wrt. the presentation, we'll do that offline.
[Tue 11:31:08] <dlongley>	Bill: Ok, sounds good.
[Tue 11:31:33] <m4nu>	Topic: Review Credentials CG F2F Agenda
[Tue 11:31:43] <m4nu>	Face to face agenda: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FQmZt_2FTjRMO5YSBLS-3dwuNQFi_BFEvbIRoUg7pGA/edit
[Tue 11:31:48] <dlongley>	m4nu: This agenda is very drafty.
[Tue 11:31:54] <dlongley>	m4nu: It's for Tuesday at TPAC.
[Tue 11:33:20] <dlongley>	m4nu: There's something called the Advisory Committee meeting (the AC part of TPAC) from 11-3pm on Tuesday, many of the big W3C reps will be there (MS, Yahoo, Google, Yandex, etc.) there are many other people that aren't the AC rep that are looking for something to do during that time and we've got time then. The idea is to have a very fast 1hr or 1:15 min meeting and intro people to the CCG. People there will have never been to one of our meetings and talk about our goals, etc.
[Tue 11:33:36] <dlongley>	m4nu: We'll have an hour for lunch and then during the afternoon we'll jump into demos and use cases and roadmap discussions.
[Tue 11:34:03] <dlongley>	m4nu: We would probably want to do some quick demos to ground the work, this is a credential, this is how you verify a credential, etc. Then talk about our use cases and ground the discussion.
[Tue 11:34:38] <dlongley>	m4nu: We can talk about how we'll align endorsement work in the future, talk about vocabularies and how we'd like the Badge Alliance to take that work on, talk about things we may cut or what's missing, the general state of things as they exist today.
[Tue 11:35:09] <dlongley>	m4nu: Then the future planning will be, unfortunately, only a 20 minute discussion. We'll talk about keeping the calls going, how we'll coordinate with the WPIG and how we'll try to drive more membership into this group, etc.
[Tue 11:35:29] <dlongley>	m4nu: That's the general layout, but honestly I spent about 15-30 minutes thinking about the Agenda, so we may need to re-think it or rearrange it.
[Tue 11:35:38] <dlongley>	m4nu: Any general thoughts about it for the F2F at TPAC?
[Tue 11:35:45] <dlongley>	m4nu: Anything missing or any discussions we want to have earlier than later?
[Tue 11:35:51] <NateOtto>	That all looks pretty good.
[Tue 11:36:27] <m4nu>	dlongley: In general agreement on the agenda. It's basically the outline that we followed for the Web Payments CG introduction we did last year.
[Tue 11:36:45] <m4nu>	dlongley: Where the CG came from, where it's headed, we should talk about that - we also need to talk about how this fits in w/ Web Payments.
[Tue 11:38:07] <NateOtto>	Badge Alliance can't come.  wish I could come too.
[Tue 11:39:01] <m4nu>	dlongley: If you wanted to tweak the flow a bit, you could briefly go over where Credentials CG came from - why it split out of Web Payments CG. Relate it to Web Payments IG in some way.
[Tue 11:39:14] <m4nu>	dlongley: Talk about how technology/ideas solve problems in other spaces.
[Tue 11:39:37] <m4nu>	dlongley: You may take that tact and it may make it flow a bit more nicely
[Tue 11:40:12] <m4nu>	dlongley: Important that we don't spend too much time talking about history. We need to ground the work.
[Tue 11:41:06] <dlongley>	m4nu: Any other concerns with the agenda? Keep in mind we can change it all the way up until the day of (Tuesday), but chiming in earlier would be helpful.
[Tue 11:41:23] <m4nu>	Topic: Review Credentials Use Cases vote status
[Tue 11:41:32] <m4nu>	Vote called last Tuesday: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2014Oct/0028.html
[Tue 11:41:58] <m4nu>	https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EZCOQ2kIv9FB94RuL6R3w2Ycq8CLbGV_wrAtBrXI-2A/viewform?usp=send_form
[Tue 11:42:01] <dlongley>	m4nu: You have until 5pm today to vote, so get your votes in if you haven't already.
[Tue 11:42:23] <dlongley>	m4nu: We've got a decent number of votes, I'd like to see at least six more to feel confident that most people saw and voted on it.
[Tue 11:42:42] <dlongley>	m4nu: These are the same use cases we've been discussing in the group ... so it's a formality, most should be familiar.
[Tue 11:42:51] <dlongley>	m4nu: Any other concerns for the upcoming TPAC meeting?
[Tue 11:43:26] <dlongley>	No other concerns.
[Tue 11:43:25] <m4nu>	Topic: Open Badges and JSON-LD
[Tue 11:44:27] <dlongley>	m4nu: Could you give us a brief updating on what you're been working on with respect to JSON-LD/signatures on the Badge Alliance side?
[Tue 11:44:45] <dlongley>	nate: I think most people on the call are probably familiar with how badges are structured.
[Tue 11:45:14] <dlongley>	nate: We're looking at updating standards to move towards using JSON-LD and make it possible for different issues to share their representations.
[Tue 11:45:36] <dlongley>	nate: JSON-LD is pretty good in that you can say "this is the term I'm using and it maps back to a URL that describes what it does"
[Tue 11:46:16] <dlongley>	nate: However, if two different people add a location to a badge, one may be thinking about the location where the badge was earned, and others might be thinking about a location for future possible opportunities for earning a badge. So slight differences in meaning.
[Tue 11:46:44] <dlongley>	nate: So we're looking at bundling properties together and publishing context files and letting people use those and share them, etc.
[Tue 11:46:53] <m4nu>	q+
[Tue 11:46:53] <voip-cr>	Added m4nu to the speaker queue: m4nu
[Tue 11:46:57] <dlongley>	nate: Does anyone have any questions?
[Tue 11:47:13] <dlongley>	m4nu: That sounds clear so I understand you. It's a good direction. I do have a couple questions.
[Tue 11:48:02] <dlongley>	m4nu: Badge Alliance is focused on using JSON-schema, and we also use that to validate messages coming into REST APIs. The system that receives it can frame the data coming in and put it in a specific structure and then JSON schema can be used to verify the syntactic requirements are met.
[Tue 11:48:15] <dlongley>	m4nu: You can ensure that the proper semantic information is in there and the syntactic structure of the badge is what it needs to be.
[Tue 11:48:34] <dlongley>	m4nu: I think that's restating what you said, what I'm trying to express is that there's a large amount alignment there.
[Tue 11:49:31] <dlongley>	nate: I do want to make sure we're building the right thing. At first we wanted to get a proposal out in July but it slowed down, and there are a bunch of different ways to structure the relationship between JSON-schema and JSON-LD and -- things like whether you force people to put extension properties in a certain place or anywhere in the badge, etc. So a lot of design decisions to make.
[Tue 11:50:18] <dlongley>	m4nu: I noticed that there was a big discussion about what you just said -- if you put all the extensions in a top-level object, you don't really need JSON-schema except for things like addresses, as it has structured data like street name, city/state/region, etc. all of those things.
[Tue 11:50:52] <NateOtto>	Some pictures/diagrams to look at https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1dNvp9fab4IkTNr0k68JruYmPCA0F2Cbj4LFeflt1yFc/edit#slide=id.p
[Tue 11:52:25] <dlongley>	m4nu: I don't think we can get away from JSON schema; it's currently unclear what the best approach is (at global JSON-LD scale), some orgs take JSON-LD and convert to RDF and do a SPARQL query against it and that's not what we want to do to Web Devs, but it's one way to do it. The JSON-LD @context can have extra data in there but there's no standard way to express that ... if we're going to do that we might want to pull in the rest of the JSON-LD community to have that discussion. There are other orgs that are doing that but there is no vocab that has come about as a result of that. What we could do is take the work that you've done and feed it back to the JSON-LD community as general input. Let's say we want to use JSON-schema and not JSON-LD framing, would that be a valid way of doing it. All I'm saying is let's take advantage of that community an d they have great insight and have been working with JSON-LD for the last 4+ years.
[Tue 11:52:38] <dlongley>	nate: I think that's a good idea and this work is ready for feedback from that kind of group.
[Tue 11:53:03] <dlongley>	nate: We have prototypes of it actually working, etc. I personally think those prototypes are hundreds of lines too long and I'd prefer something simpler :) -- I'd like to have that conversation with the group.
[Tue 11:53:09] <dlongley>	m4nu: We'll try to get that conversation going.
[Tue 11:53:25] <dlongley>	nate: Great, we can talk to people that have done this before.
[Tue 11:53:41] <dlongley>	m4nu: Any other concerns that are floating out there that you'd like input on ... as far as the move to JSON-LD, etc.?
[Tue 11:54:16] <dlongley>	nate: You originally suggested doing a very flat approach, and I've pushed back on that because I do like keeping things module. There are some details with different scope that work better that way.
[Tue 11:54:53] <dlongley>	nate: Toward the end of that slide deck that I linked to, there are some sketches for how I think some small iterations move towards 2.0 that could break backwards compatibility and I'd like some good technical feedback on that to see if it's a good direction to head.
[Tue 11:55:25] <dlongley>	m4nu: There are some other concerns I want to put pins in where I have you here; I think the digital signatures thing is a big question mark now, TrueCred/Credential stuff does it one way, and the Open Badge stuff does it another way. I think we want to discuss that.
[Tue 11:55:38] <dlongley>	m4nu: Let's say you refer to a badge class using a URL and you digitally sign that badge, what happens if that badge class changes?
[Tue 11:55:57] <NateOtto>	Those are exactly the questions I'm wrestling with this week. :)
[Tue 11:56:02] <dlongley>	m4nu: For example, if someone got a Pilot License credential at some point and then the requirements change 5 years later, you want to make sure that the requirements aren't auto-pulled into the signed badge.
[Tue 11:56:25] <dlongley>	nate: I do think I'm moving towards what TrueCred/ACDT has prototyped.
[Tue 11:56:56] <dlongley>	nate: The JWT stuff has issues, like modification without breaking signatures, etc.
[Tue 11:57:16] <dlongley>	m4nu: Ok, let's put a pin in that and say we need to have a discussion about that.
[Tue 11:57:51] <NateOtto>	Building a vocabulary: We have been doing some very preliminary vocab work http://etherpad.badgealliance.org/ba-standard-defininitions in the badge alliance
[Tue 11:58:25] <dlongley>	m4nu: The other discussion we want to have is about vocabulary. I dont' think anyone in this group wants to reinvent the wheel, and Badge Alliance already has a vocabulary. We'd like to use that and transform that into a proper RDF library with a proper JSON-LD context and I know you've already been doing some of that work. We want to get that document created and build off of it. That's joint work the CCG and Badge Alliance can work on and we can maybe hand off to Badge Alliance or Badge Alliance can decide to standards track that and feed it back into W3C.
[Tue 11:58:38] <dlongley>	m4nu: I don't know where you guys are in BA thinking about that same thing.
[Tue 11:58:58] <dlongley>	nate: We just stuck all the terms into an etherpad to hack on.
[Tue 11:59:08] <dmccrory>	Can a Badge be included in a JWT? Since a JWT may be used during the authorization and authentication process of OAuth?
[Tue 11:59:14] <dlongley>	nate: BA would like to make this very standardized
[Tue 11:59:30] <dlongley>	m4nu: Any places that you feel the two approaches are misaligned?
[Tue 11:59:36] <dlongley>	nate: Nothing comes to mind right now.
[Tue 12:00:10] <dlongley>	m4nu: If we can use JSON-LD and figure out the vocab, we're 80-90% there. We can deal with other differences.
[Tue 12:00:15] <dlongley>	m4nu: I think that would be a huge success.
[Tue 12:00:35] <dlongley>	m4nu: Thanks for your work on the alignment work, Nate.
[Tue 12:01:58] <dlongley>	nate: JWT is the current technology used for signing Badges, the Badge assertion is complete in terms of having all the information; I don't know much about OAuth. You definitely could deal in JSON directly. If I'm misinterpreting that feel free to contact me on the mailing list, etc.
[Tue 12:03:09] <dlongley>	m4nu: The Web Payments work started off with OAuth a long time ago, and we have looked at JWT. And I'm speaking specifically for Digital Bazaar and ACDT. We don't like the complexity that OAuth (and OpenID Connect) bring to the table for Credentials; there's a simpler way to do it. There are proposed mechanisms for login, etc. We are planning on showing how to do OAuth with a Credential, etc. during login, but it's more complicated than it needs to be.
[Tue 12:03:23] <NateOtto>	Mozilla's badge issuing platform BadgeKit uses JWT to send requests between system components.
[Tue 12:03:26] <dlongley>	dale: I was thinking about reinventing the wheel and known developer knowledge.
[Tue 12:03:35] <m4nu>	Secure Messaging vs. Javascript Object Signing and Encryption: http://manu.sporny.org/2013/sm-vs-jose/
[Tue 12:04:23] <dlongley>	m4nu: We feel that the Secure Messaging spec is much simpler, the downside is it's a new spec. We do provide things for people using the other existing stacks.
[Tue 12:04:36] <dlongley>	m4nu: Take a look through that blog post, we went into a lot of detail on why we're not for the JOSE stack.
[Tue 12:04:47] <dlongley>	m4nu: Any other concerns before we head off to TPAC next week?
[Tue 12:04:49] <dlongley>	No concerns voiced by group.
[Tue 12:05:02] <NateOtto>	Thanks for welcoming me to the call. Enjoy TPAC, and we'll talk again in 2 weeks!
[Tue 12:05:02] <dlongley>	m4nu: Call next week is canceled we'll be at TPAC.
[Tue 12:05:02] <marybold>	Thanks all
[Tue 12:05:02] <taaz>	bye!
