[Tue 12:05:55] <manu>	scribe: Lionel
[Tue 12:06:25] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Nov/0032.html
[Tue 12:06:52] <Lionel>	Agenda review
[Tue 12:06:54] <Lionel>	1. Agenda Review (2 minutes) 2. Introductions & Re-Introduction (3 minutes)  3. Status of Current Action Items (5 minutes) 4. Review and discussion of status of DID spec 0.7, post #RebootingWebOfTrust, #IIW & #TPAC, with goal to advance the specification to 0.8 by end of year. (50 minutes)
[Tue 12:06:59] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to Mark Miller (Google)
[Tue 12:07:09] *	ottonomy (~ottonomy@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:07:16] *	manu ottonomy ! :)
[Tue 12:07:21] <Lionel>	Miller: Google research in ECMA script. Advancing object capabilities security model
[Tue 12:07:43] <Lionel>	... at RWoT went through a revolution of reorienting a lot of stuff with the object model
[Tue 12:07:48] <Lionel>	... made a lot of progress
[Tue 12:07:49] <manu>	voip: a6 is NateOtto
[Tue 12:07:49] <voip-ccg>	Associated NateOtto with SIP/24.90.228.42-000000a6.
[Tue 12:07:53] <Drummond>	Mark was able to attend the Rebooting the Web of Trust #5 conference and gave us fantastic guidance about using the object capabilities security model there.
[Tue 12:07:59] <Drummond>	Very glad to have him here.
[Tue 12:08:04] <voip-ccg>	NateOtto [SIP/24.90.228.42-000000a6] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:08:07] <Lionel>	Squarfed: Hi, Frederico Sportini
[Tue 12:08:14] <Lionel>	... CTO of ____
[Tue 12:08:18] *	ChristianLundkvist has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:08:30] <Lionel>	... developing an app on the Android Store implementing spidchain.
[Tue 12:08:50] <voip-ccg>	15413668863 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:09:33] <manu>	voip: a8 is NateOtto
[Tue 12:09:34] <voip-ccg>	Associated NateOtto with SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a8.
[Tue 12:09:39] <squarfed>	https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.spidchain.app
[Tue 12:09:41] *	ChristianLundkvist (~ChristianLundkvist@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:09:51] <Lionel>	Skipping action items for today. Need to improve this and make it more easily available. 
[Tue 12:09:59] <squarfed>	it's a late alpha more than a beta :D
[Tue 12:10:13] <squarfed>	still lots of features missing
[Tue 12:13:02] <Lionel>	Spidchain app description: Spidchain is a next generation identity system. It protects your privacy because you are the owner of all the data that identifies you.  With spidchain you can login with one click to websites that requires certified information.
[Tue 12:13:31] <Lionel>	Spidchain implements btcr, bitcoin testnet
[Tue 12:10:14] <manu>	Topic: DID Spec Review
[Tue 12:10:17] <Lionel>	... move spec number back to conform with W3C conventions.
[Tue 12:10:19] <manu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-spec/
[Tue 12:10:27] <Lionel>	... 0.7 was update from RWoT and other
[Tue 12:10:48] <Lionel>	... Discuss TPAC and other discussions, to move the spec up to a revision and become v0.8
[Tue 12:11:26] <Lionel>	Manu: DID spec link above
[Tue 12:11:50] <Lionel>	... Before W3C TPAC got approval to pull in the changeset of all changes discussed, about 30 decent sized modifications
[Tue 12:11:53] <voip-ccg>	Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000000aa] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:12:35] <ChristopherA>	Section 1, 2, 3.1, 3.2 have changed
[Tue 12:13:14] <voip-ccg>	Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000000aa] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:13:24] <voip-ccg>	Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000000ac] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:13:54] <Lionel>	Manu: Discussion re:hardening. Drummond leading.
[Tue 12:13:59] <voip-ccg>	Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000000ac] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:14:13] <Lionel>	... JoeA wants to update spec, instead of "identity" speak of "identifiers"
[Tue 12:14:44] <Lionel>	... some other changes still to make post-RWoT and IIW
[Tue 12:15:26] <Lionel>	... aiming for 1st/2nd week December
[Tue 12:15:33] <voip-ccg>	14153505140 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000ad] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:15:41] <Drummond>	I can give a short report on the DID spec hardening proposal
[Tue 12:15:43] <ChristopherA>	action: Manu to complete #RWoT changes to DID spec
[Tue 12:15:44] <Drummond>	q+
[Tue 12:15:44] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has been added to the queue: Drummond
[Tue 12:16:00] *	jarlath (~jarlath@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:16:11] <Lionel>	Chris: Does this version incorporate the MarkM learnings?
[Tue 12:16:16] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 12:16:16] <voip-ccg>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: Drummond, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:16:33] <Lionel>	Manu: VCWG decided to ask CCG to pick kup object capabilities
[Tue 12:16:40] *	Drummond Great scribing, Lionel
[Tue 12:16:42] <cwebber2>	q?
[Tue 12:16:42] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: Drummond, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:16:50] *	ChristianLundkvist has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:16:51] <Lionel>	... two places where object capabilities can be put into the system we have
[Tue 12:17:07] <Lionel>	... 1 layer- DID spec layer.
[Tue 12:17:17] <Lionel>	... Got push back on this.
[Tue 12:17:38] <Lionel>	... Direction- we state we strongly advise putting object capabilities on the ___
[Tue 12:17:44] <Drummond>	+1 to the DID spec saying that DID method specs SHOULD use object capabilities.
[Tue 12:18:01] <Lionel>	... In VC work, we say object capabilities should be the primary mechanism for authorization to do things
[Tue 12:18:19] <cwebber2>	q+ to queue up in case I'm supposed to reply to this :)
[Tue 12:18:19] <voip-ccg>	cwebber2 has been added to the queue: Drummond, JoeAndrieu, cwebber2
[Tue 12:18:23] <Lionel>	... Propose doing object cap. in the verifiable claims layer
[Tue 12:18:43] <Drummond>	I know that Daniel Hardman, Evernym VP Engineering, also agrees with that approach, i.e., object capabilities in verifiable credentials.
[Tue 12:19:12] <Lionel>	Miller: The DID spec presented had a section attempting to do a capbility-based authorization
[Tue 12:19:16] <voip-ccg>	16467094416 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000af] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:19:22] *	cwebber2 should probably reply to that
[Tue 12:19:29] <Lionel>	... we realized by end of RWoT this text was broken, and it was better to just remove it
[Tue 12:19:56] <Lionel>	Chris: There are aspects to putting it in the DID spec v the methods spec
[Tue 12:20:42] <ChristopherA>	action: Manu to complete Veres One DID Method spec by January.
[Tue 12:22:06] <Lionel>	JoeA: plans to dive into the identity stuff in section 1
[Tue 12:22:20] <ChristopherA>	action: Joe to submit language edits to section 1, to sync with Manu's release 2nd december.
[Tue 12:22:26] <Lionel>	Manu: move from talking about identity to talking about decentralized identifiers and how they enable identity
[Tue 12:22:27] <Drummond>	+1 to JoeAndrieu making his editorial changes.
[Tue 12:22:30] <Lionel>	JoeA: A OK
[Tue 12:22:54] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:22:54] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: Drummond, JoeAndrieu, cwebber2
[Tue 12:22:56] <Drummond>	q+
[Tue 12:22:56] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has been added to the queue: Drummond, JoeAndrieu, cwebber2, Drummond
[Tue 12:23:05] <JoeAndrieu>	q-
[Tue 12:23:05] <voip-ccg>	JoeAndrieu has been removed from the queue: Drummond, cwebber2, Drummond
[Tue 12:23:09] *	cwebber2 that's fine
[Tue 12:23:46] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: Question, you said two weeks ago the best way to move forward on hardening was to complete the RWoT draft.
[Tue 12:23:52] <Lionel>	... can you update on IIW discussions
[Tue 12:24:09] <Lionel>	Drummond: IIW discussion resulted in a Google Doc that has collected comments
[Tue 12:24:19] <Lionel>	... some additional discussion at TPAC (not that much)
[Tue 12:24:32] <Lionel>	... suggest to have closure calls next week
[Tue 12:24:44] <Lionel>	... in Utah this week
[Tue 12:24:55] <Lionel>	... this thursday people are narrowing in on hardening that they wish to discuss
[Tue 12:25:15] <Lionel>	... start scheduling dedicated calls, in addition to this weekly CCG call;
[Tue 12:25:18] <Lionel>	... propose one per week
[Tue 12:25:29] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: DIF or CCG?
[Tue 12:27:02] *	mike-lodder (~mike-lodder@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:27:24] *	mike-lodder has quit ("Leaving")
[Tue 12:27:28] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: Drummond to have hardening decisions by Sat.
[Tue 12:27:46] <Lionel>	Drummond: Susan Bradford to take task to propose schedule of calls starting a week from now
[Tue 12:28:12] <ChristopherA>	Action: Drummond to have list of of hardening decisions to list next week, weekly separate calls to follow.
[Tue 12:29:15] *	manu +1, thanks Drummond ! :)
[Tue 12:29:18] <Lionel>	Drummond: will coordinate with Manu to avoid 'stepping on each other'
[Tue 12:29:29] *	manu doesn't have to go :)
[Tue 12:29:39] *	manu has all the time in the world... at least for the next 30 minutes. :)
[Tue 12:29:41] <Drummond>	Apologies, must go now, thanks
[Tue 12:29:47] *	manu waves to Drummond.
[Tue 12:29:52] *	manu waves to Mark_S__Miller 
[Tue 12:30:06] <ChristopherA>	ack cwebber2
[Tue 12:30:06] <voip-ccg>	cwebber2 has the floor (to queue up in case I'm supposed to reply to this :)).
[Tue 12:30:44] *	Drummond has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:30:44] <manu>	Topic: Capabilities in Verifiable Credentials
[Tue 12:30:36] <Lionel>	cwebber: recap of VCWG end of W3C TPAC
[Tue 12:30:52] <Lionel>	... reviewed, if we do not go down the capabilities route, we will reproduce the problems we had with ACLs
[Tue 12:31:08] <Lionel>	... group was unanymous except for one observer
[Tue 12:31:26] <Lionel>	... does CCG agree to take up the credentials work? Do we need a proper vote/poll here?
[Tue 12:31:27] *	manu we can do it on the call today and give 7 days notice... probably want a spec before we propose anything.
[Tue 12:31:33] <Lionel>	Christophera: Let's wait, we're not gated on the ocap stuff.
[Tue 12:32:14] *	manu sweats wrt. RWoT DID Spec update.... :)
[Tue 12:32:17] <Lionel>	... propose, the day Manu ships the next set of PR requests + some days to accept those PRs
[Tue 12:32:22] <Lionel>	... then after that 7 more days
[Tue 12:32:50] <Lionel>	... leaving time for Thanksgiving celebrations in all of this...
[Tue 12:33:07] <Lionel>	... cwebber is there anything else you need to move your things forward?
[Tue 12:33:21] <Lionel>	cwebber: a bit swamped now.
[Tue 12:33:36] <Lionel>	... Next month I can draft what Mark and I have written, then resubmit it
[Tue 12:33:44] <Lionel>	... contingent on a consensus that this is worth doing
[Tue 12:34:01] <manu>	We should try to explore this path... +1
[Tue 12:34:20] <ChristopherA>	+1
[Tue 12:34:20] <JoeAndrieu>	+1
[Tue 12:34:21] <cwebber2>	+1
[Tue 12:34:22] <manu>	+1
[Tue 12:34:23] <Lionel>	Christophera: polling the crowd
[Tue 12:34:24] <ottonomy>	We should explore this path. +1
[Tue 12:34:30] <Lionel>	... no one against, many +1's
[Tue 12:34:43] <agropper>	+1
[Tue 12:34:50] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:34:50] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: Lionel [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000094], ChristianLundkvist [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000095], ChrisWebber [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000096], MarkMiller [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000097], KimHD [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000098], JoeAndrieu [SIP/10.0.1.106-0000009b], 972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009d], 16617480240 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009e], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000000a0], squarfed [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009f], David I. Lehn
[Tue 12:34:50] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/6003-000000a2], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000000a3], Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a4], NateOtto [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a8], 14153505140 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000ad], 16467094416 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000af].
[Tue 12:34:57] <manu>	voip: ad is AdrianGropper
[Tue 12:34:58] <voip-ccg>	Associated AdrianGropper with SIP/69.65.34.216-000000ad.
[Tue 12:35:21] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: explanation of OCAP.. ?
[Tue 12:35:40] *	manu Chris Webber
[Tue 12:35:44] *	manu Lionel cwebber2 
[Tue 12:35:57] <Lionel>	cwebber: we have a good angle on producing training materials re: object capabilities
[Tue 12:36:16] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: would like to publish general capabilities material
[Tue 12:36:26] <Lionel>	... enable them with DID and specify them in the method specs
[Tue 12:36:54] <Lionel>	... IIW people were not at RWoT, so we need some more discussion
[Tue 12:37:01] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:37:01] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: Drummond, Drummond
[Tue 12:37:21] <ChristopherA>	q- drummond
[Tue 12:37:21] <voip-ccg>	drummond isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:37:24] <manu>	ack Dr
[Tue 12:37:24] <voip-ccg>	Dr isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:37:26] <manu>	ack Drummond
[Tue 12:37:26] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has the floor.
[Tue 12:37:26] <manu>	ack Drummond
[Tue 12:37:27] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has the floor.
[Tue 12:37:30] <cwebber2>	q?
[Tue 12:37:30] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:38:34] <Lionel>	Manu: Hardening spec goes back to keys
[Tue 12:38:41] <Lionel>	... suggests a single array of keys
[Tue 12:38:45] <Lionel>	... and the services array
[Tue 12:39:07] <Lionel>	... before RWoT we had keys and services. At RWoT the consensus was to move away from keys and more towards authorization credentials
[Tue 12:39:10] <Lionel>	... and move services up
[Tue 12:39:24] <Lionel>	... hardening spec undoes those two changes
[Tue 12:39:39] <Lionel>	... in other words, IIW discussion kind of un-does the RWoT discussions
[Tue 12:39:44] <Lionel>	... how we describe keys
[Tue 12:39:57] <Lionel>	... path dereferencing, services, serialization formats
[Tue 12:40:23] <Lionel>	... from the DID side we are getting key management material: how keys are used
[Tue 12:40:43] <Lionel>	... discussion around cryptographic algorithms and their application
[Tue 12:40:46] <Lionel>	... key issues now
[Tue 12:40:58] <Lionel>	... how we are listing keys and services (discussion re-opened)
[Tue 12:41:33] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: in BTCR we will have our own proofs, ...
[Tue 12:42:02] *	manu ChristopherA - you're robot'ing badly.
[Tue 12:42:47] <manu>	Topic: W3C TPAC 2017 Update
[Tue 12:42:50] <Lionel>	Manu: TPAC updates
[Tue 12:43:00] <manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Nov/0033.html
[Tue 12:43:21] <Lionel>	... sent an email out to the mailing list, report on how the DID discussion went
[Tue 12:43:30] <Lionel>	... had good turnout from enterprise, Google, BBC
[Tue 12:43:33] <Lionel>	... about 45 people
[Tue 12:43:37] <voip-ccg>	15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000b0] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:43:39] <voip-ccg>	JoeAndrieu [SIP/10.0.1.106-0000009b] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:43:42] <Lionel>	... spent more time than planned due to interest
[Tue 12:44:04] <Lionel>	... Tim Berners Lee joined us for the DID discussion and invited us to submit to the W3C architecture group for review
[Tue 12:44:23] <Lionel>	... this group reviews architecture for the web at large, the highest group at the W3C who make a final determination
[Tue 12:44:30] <Lionel>	... they only review things they are very interested in
[Tue 12:45:01] <Lionel>	... was said (a W3C personage) "DNS is the achilles heel of the web, any solution that ensures a better alternative is welcome to consideration"
[Tue 12:45:07] <Lionel>	... were warned, DID is not a web fork
[Tue 12:45:17] <Lionel>	... DID is an alternative identifier that lives beside the DNS system
[Tue 12:45:19] <Lionel>	... lives alongside
[Tue 12:45:25] <Lionel>	... and has its own applications
[Tue 12:45:37] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:45:37] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:45:40] <Lionel>	... a W3C staff member suggested some changes in how we approach it
[Tue 12:45:52] <Lionel>	... so we have "problems of success"
[Tue 12:46:11] <Lionel>	... we have to fix up all the specs and do tag review
[Tue 12:46:33] <Lionel>	... if the TAC says it is important technology this is a big upvote and results in less fighting and a smoother onramp into W3C
[Tue 12:46:49] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: credentials group approve
[Tue 12:46:53] <Lionel>	... formalkly charter a WG?
[Tue 12:47:02] <Lionel>	... or is this part of rechartering ?
[Tue 12:47:17] <Lionel>	Manu: easier to use an existing group
[Tue 12:47:29] <Lionel>	... same argument for linked data signature stuff
[Tue 12:47:40] <Lionel>	... recharter VC group in the following way:
[Tue 12:47:52] <Lionel>	... we did it, got data models done, but since we find these DIDs with signatures,
[Tue 12:48:01] <Lionel>	... we put those specs through the W3C standarsd process
[Tue 12:48:17] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: a number of people here who are not members
[Tue 12:48:24] <Lionel>	... community allows anyone to participate
[Tue 12:48:46] <Lionel>	... example Evernym is a member
[Tue 12:48:49] <Lionel>	... others are not
[Tue 12:48:56] <JoeAndrieu>	q+ for non-DID work item update (Lifecycle)
[Tue 12:48:56] <voip-ccg>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:49:10] <manu>	q+ to talk about critical mass.
[Tue 12:49:10] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu, manu
[Tue 12:49:23] <ChristopherA>	ack manu
[Tue 12:49:23] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to talk about critical mass.).
[Tue 12:49:39] <Lionel>	Manu: two implementers are not enough to make it, the group will collapse
[Tue 12:49:52] <Lionel>	... need UCorp, blockstack, ++ folks
[Tue 12:50:02] <Lionel>	... does not look good with just two implementers.
[Tue 12:50:15] <Lionel>	... how can we defend such a low number of implementers?
[Tue 12:50:28] <Lionel>	... need IPFS, blockstack on implementation
[Tue 12:50:38] <Lionel>	... when we have demonstrable implementations that is the exit criteria
[Tue 12:50:41] <Lionel>	... need 4 or 5
[Tue 12:50:58] <Lionel>	... 460 members at W3C. Minimum in favor is 25 companies
[Tue 12:51:19] <Lionel>	... example: VC had 58 members in support, but there were only about 20 people really there doing work
[Tue 12:51:24] <Lionel>	... we need to match those numbers
[Tue 12:51:32] <Lionel>	... 50 people supporting DIDs with 20 showing up
[Tue 12:51:37] <Lionel>	... not enough right now (!)
[Tue 12:51:57] <Lionel>	... bottom line: need commitments from more companies
[Tue 12:52:07] <Lionel>	... warning: if the WG is shut down it stays dark for 5 years
[Tue 12:52:39] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: DID spec, DID document, ...
[Tue 12:52:52] <Lionel>	... plan a new hackathon for January via KimH
[Tue 12:52:56] <squarfed>	hackaton would be great
[Tue 12:53:00] <squarfed>	+1
[Tue 12:53:21] <Lionel>	... AFAIK Blockstack's latest release has an identifier at the root,
[Tue 12:53:34] <Lionel>	... AFAIK no effort towards DID docs or Verifiable claims
[Tue 12:53:46] <Lionel>	... UPORT:
[Tue 12:53:53] <Lionel>	... Christian, where are you guys?
[Tue 12:54:10] <Lionel>	Christian: Uport has the method spec
[Tue 12:54:23] <Lionel>	... at IIW we implemented the plugin for the universal resolver
[Tue 12:54:46] <Lionel>	... next on our roadmap:
[Tue 12:54:57] <Lionel>	... we have been doing some verifiable claims stuff
[Tue 12:55:18] <Lionel>	... an issue, it is a fair amount of work moving over from JSON token VCs to JSON LD signatures
[Tue 12:55:54] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: The BTCR from the last hackathon
[Tue 12:56:06] <Lionel>	... there was a python library released (no C or C++)
[Tue 12:57:06] <Lionel>	Manu: the crypto is implemented, and JSONLD should have reference implementation in JScript
[Tue 12:57:24] <Lionel>	... when you have issues ping Dave, Manu, for examples
[Tue 12:57:44] <Lionel>	Christian: the DID spec itself is a work in progress
[Tue 12:57:48] <Lionel>	... this is another challenge
[Tue 12:57:50] <dlongley>	btw, rdf canonicalization has a native implementation now (that is currently integrated as a node.js module): https://github.com/digitalbazaar/rdf-canonize/tree/master/lib/native
[Tue 12:58:03] <Lionel>	... we have an implementation in a resolver that returns an older version of a DID document
[Tue 12:58:03] <dlongley>	this could be split out into a C library at some point.
[Tue 12:58:13] <Lionel>	... that needs to be updated when we setetle
[Tue 12:58:26] <ChristopherA>	+1 on c lib
[Tue 12:58:46] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: +1 for Uport stepping up
[Tue 12:59:00] <Lionel>	... move to JSON-LD is key
[Tue 12:59:29] <Lionel>	... bitcoin curves
[Tue 13:00:25] *	manu apologizes to JoeAndrieu :(
[Tue 13:00:28] <ChristopherA>	Q?
[Tue 13:00:30] *	manu didn't see the queue and jumped.
[Tue 13:00:32] <manu>	q?
[Tue 13:00:32] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 13:01:14] <agropper>	+1 uPort for stepping up -
[Tue 13:01:18] *	manu waves and smiles at Lionel :)
[Tue 13:01:14] <manu>	present+ longley, sporny, lehn, lundkvist, webber, miller, kimhd, squarfed, drummond, otto, andrieu, lionel, lake, chapman, gropper, jarlath
[Tue 13:01:22] <voip-ccg>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000000a3] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:01:24] <voip-ccg>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000000a0] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:01:25] <voip-ccg>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000000a2] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:01:32] <ChristopherA>	Remember! No meeting next week!
[Tue 13:01:37] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 13:01:37] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: Lionel [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000094], ChristianLundkvist [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000095], ChrisWebber [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000096], MarkMiller [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000097], KimHD [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000098], 972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009d], 16617480240 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009e], squarfed [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009f], Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a4], NateOtto [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a8], AdrianGropper
[Tue 13:01:37] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-000000ad], 16467094416 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000af], 15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000b0].
[Tue 13:01:40] *	JoeAndrieu has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 13:01:40] <manu>	voip: disconnect 94
[Tue 13:01:40] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting Lionel [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000094].
[Tue 13:01:40] <voip-ccg>	Lionel [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000094] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:01:41] <ottonomy>	Bye all; it was nice to be back in this group today! See you again soon.
[Tue 13:01:42] *	agropper has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 13:01:43] <manu>	voip: disconnect 95
[Tue 13:01:43] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting ChristianLundkvist [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000095].
[Tue 13:01:43] <voip-ccg>	ChristianLundkvist [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000095] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:01:46] <manu>	voip: disconnect 97
[Tue 13:01:47] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting MarkMiller [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000097].
[Tue 13:01:47] <voip-ccg>	MarkMiller [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000097] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:01:48] <manu>	voip: disconnect 98
[Tue 13:01:48] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting KimHD [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000098].
[Tue 13:01:48] <voip-ccg>	KimHD [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000098] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:01:56] <manu>	voip: disconnect 9d
[Tue 13:01:56] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting 972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009d].
[Tue 13:01:57] <voip-ccg>	972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009d] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:01:57] <manu>	voip: disconnect 9e
[Tue 13:01:57] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting 16617480240 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009e].
[Tue 13:01:57] <voip-ccg>	16617480240 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009e] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:01:59] <manu>	voip: disconnect 9f
[Tue 13:01:59] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting squarfed [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009f].
[Tue 13:01:59] <voip-ccg>	squarfed [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009f] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:02:03] <manu>	voip: disconnect a4
[Tue 13:02:03] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a4].
[Tue 13:02:03] <voip-ccg>	Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a4] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:02:06] <manu>	voip: disconnect a8
[Tue 13:02:06] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting NateOtto [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a8].
[Tue 13:02:06] <voip-ccg>	NateOtto [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a8] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:02:07] <manu>	voip: disconnect ad
[Tue 13:02:07] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting AdrianGropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000ad].
[Tue 13:02:07] <voip-ccg>	AdrianGropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000ad] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:02:08] <manu>	voip: disconnect af
[Tue 13:02:08] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting 16467094416 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000af].
[Tue 13:02:08] <voip-ccg>	16467094416 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000af] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:02:13] <manu>	voip: disconnect b0
[Tue 13:02:13] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting 15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000b0].
[Tue 13:02:13] <voip-ccg>	15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000b0] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:02:21] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 13:02:21] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: ChrisWebber [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000096].
[Tue 13:02:24] <manu>	voip: disconnect 96
[Tue 13:02:25] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting ChrisWebber [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000096].
[Tue 13:02:25] <voip-ccg>	ChrisWebber [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000096] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:02:25] <voip-ccg>	No one is in the conference.
[Tue 13:02:26] *	voip-ccg has quit ("Shutting down...")
[Tue 13:06:37] *	squarfed has quit ("This computer has gone to sleep")
[Tue 13:08:12] *	Lionel has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 13:13:38] *	cdchapman has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 13:15:06] *	squarfed (~squarfed@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 13:18:58] *	Mark_S__Miller has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 13:22:02] *	jarlath has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 13:31:41] *	ottonomy has quit ("My MacBook Pro has gone to sleep. ZZZzzz…")
[Tue 13:35:14] *	squarfed has quit ("This computer has gone to sleep")
