[2018-10-02T15:58:09.292Z]  <ChristopherA>  agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Oct/0002.html
[2018-10-02T16:00:34.759Z]  <ChristopherA>  voip: 083 is Christopher Allen
[2018-10-02T16:00:54.013Z]  <drabiv_> present+
[2018-10-02T16:00:55.652Z]  <heathervescent>  present+
[2018-10-02T16:01:01.898Z]  <manu>  voip: 83 is ChristopherA
[2018-10-02T16:01:03.377Z]  <ChristopherA>  scribe: sam_chase
[2018-10-02T16:01:09.123Z]  <ken> present+
[2018-10-02T16:01:13.236Z]  <manu>  voip: 82 is SamChase
[2018-10-02T16:01:14.241Z]  <gannan>  present+
[2018-10-02T16:01:19.858Z]  <ChristopherA>  present+ Christopher Allen
[2018-10-02T16:01:23.688Z]  <manu>  voip: connections?
[2018-10-02T16:01:29.354Z]  <ChristopherA>  agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Oct/0002.html
[2018-10-02T16:01:59.359Z]  <manu>  voip: 8d is Lionel
[2018-10-02T16:02:08.328Z]  <rgrant>  voip-ccg: connections
[2018-10-02T16:02:26.798Z]  <rgrant>  voip-ccg: 088 is rgrant
[2018-10-02T16:02:42.783Z]  <cwebber2>  present+ Chris_Webber
[2018-10-02T16:03:01.708Z]  <sam_chase> sam_chase: can someone link me to the scribe notes again
[2018-10-02T16:03:06.609Z]  <sam_chase> sam_chase: I can't find the link
[2018-10-02T16:03:50.279Z]  <heathervescent>  Yay Sam for scribing!
[2018-10-02T16:04:21.945Z]  <drabiv_> voip: 94 is drabiv
[2018-10-02T16:04:38.079Z]  <TallTed> present+
[2018-10-02T16:05:00.224Z]  <manu>  Topic: Introductions and Reintroductions
[2018-10-02T16:05:19.145Z]  <sam_chase> christopherA: introductions & re-intros
[2018-10-02T16:05:30.747Z]  <drabiv_> voip: 95 is drabiv
[2018-10-02T16:05:31.927Z]  <sam_chase> ... Bob Dolan? You on? Christian Lundquist?
[2018-10-02T16:06:20.964Z]  <burn>  present+
[2018-10-02T16:06:38.207Z]  <JeffO-StL> Present+
[2018-10-02T16:06:43.540Z]  <sam_chase> lionel: walberger involved for a while, under many hats, focused on verifiable claims, platin.io base  our insights on university research, excited to bring muscle to the space
[2018-10-02T16:06:54.966Z]  <ottonomy>  present+ Nate Otto
[2018-10-02T16:06:57.219Z]  <sam_chase> ...working with standards created here
[2018-10-02T16:07:26.302Z]  <sam_chase> ...looking forward to attending tpac
[2018-10-02T16:07:37.673Z]  <ChristopherA>  topic: Announcements
[2018-10-02T16:07:38.660Z]  <ChristopherA>  https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2018-10-02T16:07:40.101Z]  <sam_chase> ChristopherA: agenda item: announcemments
[2018-10-02T16:07:55.254Z]  <manu>  q+ for DID WG support before W3C TPAC.
[2018-10-02T16:08:21.428Z]  <sam_chase> ChristopherA: 2 big things, tpac in a couple of weeks, a few of us are going to Lyon, big annual meeting of w3c members.
[2018-10-02T16:09:11.926Z]  <sam_chase> ... we are scheduled with our own time and the verifiable claims working group has a couple of days and will be visiting other working group meetings to talk about DIDs
[2018-10-02T16:09:32.879Z]  <sam_chase> allen: ideally by the end of the year we have a vote on a DID charter
[2018-10-02T16:09:44.553Z]  <manu>  W3C TPAC Schedule: https://www.w3.org/2018/10/TPAC/schedule.html
[2018-10-02T16:10:17.388Z]  <sam_chase> manu: on this schedule credentials group is two hours from 1:30-2:30 on Tuesday, need to figure out what we want to say
[2018-10-02T16:10:27.986Z]  <agropper>  present+ Adrian_Gropper
[2018-10-02T16:10:43.480Z]  <Lionel_Wolberger>  q+
[2018-10-02T16:10:44.359Z]  <sam_chase> ....Wednesday breakout sessions, this is our big push! we are making buttons and the whole purpose is to try and get as many memberships on board
[2018-10-02T16:11:08.460Z]  <sam_chase> ...ccg is also having a joint meeting with web commerce meeting as well, then verifiable credentials after that
[2018-10-02T16:11:26.386Z]  <sam_chase> ... do not have to be a CCG member to attend.
[2018-10-02T16:11:57.269Z]  <manu>  ack manu
[2018-10-02T16:12:05.734Z]  <burn>  q?
[2018-10-02T16:12:16.386Z]  <ChristopherA>   http://iiw.idcommons.net
[2018-10-02T16:12:24.903Z]  <sam_chase> chris: iiw at the same time, link above
[2018-10-02T16:12:34.367Z]  <manu>  ack Lionel_Wolberger
[2018-10-02T16:12:44.444Z]  <ChristopherA>  ack Lionel_Wolberger
[2018-10-02T16:13:05.821Z]  <ottonomy>  Folks who are in Lyon, you may want to check out ePIC in Paris on the way back Oct 24-26: general topics related to open recognition -- a little less technical and more about developing the metaphors and practices that result in decentralizing credentials. About 125 very interesting people tend to attend. https://epic.openrecognition.org/
[2018-10-02T16:13:15.801Z]  <manu>  q+
[2018-10-02T16:13:19.170Z]  <sam_chase> Lionel_Wolberger: would be interested in having a call with Digital Bazaar crew, would like to coordinate on TPAC further, how do we do that? How do I get my button?
[2018-10-02T16:13:46.425Z]  <sam_chase> ChristopherA: Can't speak for schedules on Monday, I plan to be there Monday but will be on weird sleeping hours.
[2018-10-02T16:14:05.239Z]  <ChristopherA>  ack manu
[2018-10-02T16:14:08.681Z]  <ChristopherA>  q?
[2018-10-02T16:14:23.741Z]  <heathervescent>  +1 for Manu's suggestion
[2018-10-02T16:14:42.579Z]  <sam_chase> manu: we need to spend time leading up to coordinate and put 20 min per call dedicated to tpac, must have a unified message.
[2018-10-02T16:14:44.361Z]  <sam_chase> q+
[2018-10-02T16:14:46.179Z]  <burn>  +1 to coordinating in advance.  A number of us are insanely busy during TPAC, and agreeing in advance is critical.
[2018-10-02T16:15:23.989Z]  <sam_chase> lionel: we haven't been doing crypto Tuesdays
[2018-10-02T16:15:43.930Z]  <sam_chase> ChristopherA: we haven't had the cryptographers for Crypto Tuesday,
[2018-10-02T16:16:01.783Z]  <manu>  ack sam_chase
[2018-10-02T16:16:07.379Z]  <ChristopherA>  ack sam_chase
[2018-10-02T16:16:09.929Z]  <JoeAndrieu>  present+ JoeAndrieu
[2018-10-02T16:16:28.402Z]  <manu>  sam_chase: Wondering for those not going to W3C TPAC - want to help more. Helpful for me to reach out to other companies that will be using DIDs? Interest?
[2018-10-02T16:16:30.059Z]  <heathervescent>  sam_chase: are people going for tpac. wants to help more. Is it helpful to reach out to companies who are using DIDs. And get a list of them going
[2018-10-02T16:16:31.488Z]  <manu>  q+
[2018-10-02T16:16:39.646Z]  <sam_chase> ... we need to coordinate IP legalities so we can get more groups here
[2018-10-02T16:16:54.292Z]  <ChristopherA>  ack manu
[2018-10-02T16:16:58.226Z]  <sam_chase> sam_chase: how can we get more companies on board, is it helpful to collect support
[2018-10-02T16:17:09.593Z]  <heathervescent>  q+
[2018-10-02T16:17:27.921Z]  <sam_chase> manu: yes super helpful, need to be very targeted, need to prove that this work is worth doing
[2018-10-02T16:17:57.091Z]  <sam_chase> ...they find companies that are implementing and deploying products, they weigh big companies vs. tiny companies
[2018-10-02T16:18:44.779Z]  <sam_chase> ... we want companies with a strong commitment to identity
[2018-10-02T16:19:05.184Z]  <sam_chase> ...if sam or anyone else on the call can target the larger companies
[2018-10-02T16:20:17.844Z]  <sam_chase> ... they have to be committed, w3c wants to see that these companies will be joining and membership will go up
[2018-10-02T16:20:17.844Z]  <Lionel_Wolberger>  Former effort of collecting which companies are engaging with DIDs: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1n0fe8g-13ZPfaWPNyL8T2GFE2ktv-TYYXJFr73Gnb3M/edit#gid=1240207141
[2018-10-02T16:20:22.160Z]  <manu>  Explainer for support for DIDS: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Sep/0012.html
[2018-10-02T16:20:33.488Z]  <manu>  Specific google form is here: https://goo.gl/forms/Yg3kPYN5OjlSbowQ2
[2018-10-02T16:20:52.359Z]  <Lionel_Wolberger>  Resending this list, to be merged with new survey: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1n0fe8g-13ZPfaWPNyL8T2GFE2ktv-TYYXJFr73Gnb3M/edit#gid=1240207141
[2018-10-02T16:21:04.445Z]  <sam_chase> manu: please distribute among your readership, everything helps
[2018-10-02T16:21:14.244Z]  <manu>  q?
[2018-10-02T16:21:26.166Z]  <manu>  q+
[2018-10-02T16:21:29.471Z]  <ChristopherA>  ack heathervescent
[2018-10-02T16:22:02.261Z]  <manu>  +1 to what heathervescent just said... that would be the most effective.
[2018-10-02T16:22:11.668Z]  <sam_chase> heathervescent: a bunch of people that are friendly in the community, really effective to send a direct email to someone
[2018-10-02T16:22:20.681Z]  <sam_chase> ....are we coordinating with DIF at all?
[2018-10-02T16:22:35.313Z]  <sam_chase> .... already put some stuff on the slack channel, it reminds people they should do it.
[2018-10-02T16:23:24.119Z]  <sam_chase> manu: need to give this more time and underscore what heather said, direct emails to companies that have direct plans to use DIDs
[2018-10-02T16:24:31.328Z]  <sam_chase> ... apologize for the short nature of this, not ideal but we ran out of time and we're at the point if we don't get it out by next week it won't get circulated. I'm hoping to have the first wave of feedback by next Friday, so we have time to get it circulated
[2018-10-02T16:24:43.900Z]  <rgrant>  q+
[2018-10-02T16:24:49.519Z]  <manu>  q-
[2018-10-02T16:24:59.808Z]  <sam_chase> ChristopherA: any questions on how to evangelize?
[2018-10-02T16:25:00.760Z]  <ChristopherA>  q?
[2018-10-02T16:25:01.064Z]  <manu>  ack rgrant
[2018-10-02T16:25:18.491Z]  <manu>  q+
[2018-10-02T16:25:20.004Z]  <sam_chase> rgrant: sometimes I get confused about where companies are putting their energy on these things
[2018-10-02T16:25:28.800Z]  <identitywoman> they fit together in a round about way.
[2018-10-02T16:25:47.226Z]  <rgrant>  question was regarding DIF
[2018-10-02T16:26:09.322Z]  <ChristopherA>  q?
[2018-10-02T16:26:11.124Z]  <sam_chase> ChristopherA: dif is it's own organization at this point, there was a particular IP issue that was raised at rebooting
[2018-10-02T16:26:12.106Z]  <ChristopherA>  ack manu
[2018-10-02T16:27:11.539Z]  <sam_chase> manu: did have a series of conversations with them, they fit together sort of, for now all incubation of ideas happen at IIW, RWoT, etc, the output goes to these groups where they are further defined
[2018-10-02T16:28:11.579Z]  <rgrant>  it sounds like DIF is a coalition of corporations that would like to bless certain technologies, "when they're ready"
[2018-10-02T16:28:12.923Z]  <burn>  industry certification
[2018-10-02T16:28:14.624Z]  <ChristopherA>  q?
[2018-10-02T16:28:35.223Z]  <sam_chase> ...dif works across all those channels but the standards we work on are made and then go out in the wild. After the standards space, how are people deploying this in the world? We still need the orgs to clarify
[2018-10-02T16:28:38.251Z]  <sam_chase> ChristopherA:
[2018-10-02T16:28:56.594Z]  <sam_chase> ... they are more focused on uses not standards
[2018-10-02T16:29:16.471Z]  <ChristopherA>  q?
[2018-10-02T16:29:43.014Z]  <ChristopherA>  q?
[2018-10-02T16:29:45.214Z]  <sam_chase> ChristopherA: trying to get HTC
[2018-10-02T16:30:06.465Z]  <sam_chase> manu: let the large companies know, this is not a commitment, its a notice of interest
[2018-10-02T16:30:06.465Z]  <sam_chase> ... it's not that they aren't committing to the working group, they aren't interested in this group happening
[2018-10-02T16:30:29.140Z]  <ChristopherA>  q?
[2018-10-02T16:30:43.420Z]  <ChristopherA>   https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item
[2018-10-02T16:30:47.906Z]  <manu>  Topic: Review Action Items
[2018-10-02T16:31:08.744Z]  <manu>  https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action+item%22
[2018-10-02T16:32:02.427Z]  <sam_chase> ChristopherA: at the bottom of the training there was an open item, there's a series of updates, manu any GA on those?
[2018-10-02T16:32:22.988Z]  <sam_chase> manu: not yet unfortunately, just waiting for video to be cleaned up
[2018-10-02T16:33:08.727Z]  <sam_chase> ChristopherA: there is a security vulnerability we keep getting messages about, I don't have an assignee for crypto suite, do we have anyone from uport or consensys
[2018-10-02T16:34:10.606Z]  <sam_chase> ChristopherA: is there someone adept with the crypto suite action item?
[2018-10-02T16:34:34.119Z]  <sam_chase> sam_chase: I didn't catch what burn said
[2018-10-02T16:35:08.233Z]  <ChristopherA>  https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2018-10-02T16:35:10.561Z]  <manu>  Topic: Work Items
[2018-10-02T16:35:24.941Z]  <burn>  burn: best for you to contact Oliver Terbu directly.  He has been accepting such requests on behalf of uPort.  I cannot volunteer him myself.
[2018-10-02T16:35:27.359Z]  <manu>  q+ to note progress on CL Signatures stuff...
[2018-10-02T16:35:34.180Z]  <ChristopherA>  q?
[2018-10-02T16:36:04.664Z]  <sam_chase> lionel: we finished the data minimization paper a while back, joe has mentioned making a report
[2018-10-02T16:36:08.726Z]  <sam_chase> ...moving forward
[2018-10-02T16:36:29.120Z]  <sam_chase> ChristopherA: will be a doc from RWoT, already on track for community group to accept as a report
[2018-10-02T16:36:47.580Z]  <sam_chase> ... would like more cryptographic people to review, someone from Microsoft would like to give it a quick pass
[2018-10-02T16:37:00.903Z]  <sam_chase> ....hopefully be a report in the next month or so if group approves it
[2018-10-02T16:37:36.161Z]  <sam_chase> ... or can move it as an unpublished draft to RWoT drafts
[2018-10-02T16:38:10.992Z]  <sam_chase> lionel: sounds good, we want consensus, it all sounds good
[2018-10-02T16:38:25.520Z]  <ChristopherA>  q?
[2018-10-02T16:38:27.760Z]  <ChristopherA>  ack manu
[2018-10-02T16:38:53.800Z]  <sam_chase> manu: last RWoT mike lodder and ? get together and talk about VC data model
[2018-10-02T16:38:57.198Z]  <manu>  Here's the CL Signature issue on VC Data Model -- https://github.com/w3c/vc-data-model/issues/237
[2018-10-02T16:39:21.312Z]  <sam_chase> ... these are the data structures we are using but means we have to make a new cypto suite to cover those things
[2018-10-02T16:40:03.145Z]  <sam_chase> ... don't know when I'll have the time to do it, would be great if someone else can step in, need a cryptographic suite for signatures make sure its compatible with DID
[2018-10-02T16:40:07.480Z]  <ChristopherA>  q+
[2018-10-02T16:40:18.682Z]  <ChristopherA>  ack ChristopherA
[2018-10-02T16:40:46.926Z]  <sam_chase> christopherA: spoke with several people at Microsoft
[2018-10-02T16:41:31.613Z]  <ChristopherA>  q?
[2018-10-02T16:41:32.220Z]  <JoeAndrieu>  The u-prove license is under the "open specification promise" https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/openspecifications/dn646765.aspx
[2018-10-02T16:41:47.080Z]  <sam_chase> ... need someone from Microsoft community that has been working with u-prove this  cryptographic sig
[2018-10-02T16:41:52.325Z]  <sam_chase> topic: New Business
[2018-10-02T16:41:57.100Z]  <identitywoman> according to what I know u-prove patents are expired. Kim (At MSFT) bought the company that held them just before they expired.
[2018-10-02T16:42:01.472Z]  <ChristopherA>  https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot7/tree/master/topics-and-advance-readings
[2018-10-02T16:42:17.194Z]  <manu>  That's super helpful to know Kaliya, thank you!
[2018-10-02T16:42:18.740Z]  <identitywoman> The other major library for ZKP is IDMixer from IBM Zurich.
[2018-10-02T16:42:22.540Z]  <ChristopherA>  https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot7/tree/master/draft-documents
[2018-10-02T16:42:23.203Z]  <manu>  Topic: RWoT7
[2018-10-02T16:42:27.260Z]  <sam_chase> christopherA: RWoT was awesome, great topic papers, and 15 draft documents written collaboratively
[2018-10-02T16:42:50.624Z]  <ChristopherA>  https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot7/blob/master/draft-documents/Guidance_and_Standards_for_Interoperability_of_Decentralized_Identity_Systems.md
[2018-10-02T16:42:55.040Z]  <sam_chase> ... those are at draft docs, in particular there was discussion around guidance and standards around interop. of DID systems
[2018-10-02T16:43:15.745Z]  <sam_chase> ... a group of about 15 ppl workng on different approaches of DID
[2018-10-02T16:43:42.904Z]  <manu>  Guidance and Standards for Interoperability of Decentralized Identity Systems -- https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tDX6LXJn6KITKIvNbbexHfcdWZ9z9TCElC5cZygaacw/edit
[2018-10-02T16:44:40.844Z]  <sam_chase> manu: some of the results, its a massive paper, will require help. WE got to go over a ton of guiding principles, the hope is that it will document the requirements and the standards we need to fill in to achieve the vision we have in rebooting
[2018-10-02T16:45:14.566Z]  <sam_chase> .... we have a good start, general call for help, please make suggestions and notes and edits
[2018-10-02T16:45:20.980Z]  <sam_chase> ... we need all the help we can get
[2018-10-02T16:45:40.772Z]  <sam_chase> ... it's such a long paper I don't want it to die before it's finished
[2018-10-02T16:46:11.299Z]  <ChristopherA>  https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot7/blob/master/draft-documents/convincing-dad.md
[2018-10-02T16:46:18.314Z]  <sam_chase> ChristopherA: other great papers ...DID's for homeless, convincing DAD about DIDs
[2018-10-02T16:46:25.019Z]  <ChristopherA>  https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot7/blob/master/draft-documents/Digital-Identity-for-the-Homeless.md
[2018-10-02T16:47:06.310Z]  <sam_chase> ... in particular use cases for pitching DIDs some of these might be relevant for how we pitch them
[2018-10-02T16:47:15.961Z]  <kimhd> present+
[2018-10-02T16:47:16.734Z]  <sam_chase> q+
[2018-10-02T16:47:30.369Z]  <ChristopherA>  ack sam_chase
[2018-10-02T16:47:32.722Z]  <manu>  sam_chase: Our paper was on Verifiable Offline Credentials...
[2018-10-02T16:47:56.084Z]  <manu>  sam_chase: We found a massive lack of security in container ships and were able to put together some interesting solutions
[2018-10-02T16:48:08.931Z]  <manu>  sam_chase: We've talked about this w/ some of the largest container ship company in the world.
[2018-10-02T16:48:17.920Z]  <ChristopherA>  https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot7/blob/master/draft-documents/Use%20Cases%20and%20Proposed%20Solutions%20for%20Verifiable%20Offline%20Credentials.md
[2018-10-02T16:48:23.950Z]  <manu>  sam_chase: Ideally, we'd do something specific to ship security/identity at some time in the new year.
[2018-10-02T16:48:50.106Z]  <ChristopherA>  https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot7/blob/master/draft-documents/Digital%20Credential%20Wallet.md
[2018-10-02T16:49:07.605Z]  <sam_chase> sam_chase: Seaspan interested in hosting a hackathon or exploring security through DIDs and verifiable credentials
[2018-10-02T16:49:11.180Z]  <manu>  q+ to talk about the remembering / key recovery demo.
[2018-10-02T16:49:14.943Z]  <ChristopherA>  https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot7/blob/master/draft-documents/A_DID_for_everything.md
[2018-10-02T16:49:18.649Z]  <ChristopherA>  q?
[2018-10-02T16:49:23.140Z]  <ChristopherA>  ack manu
[2018-10-02T16:49:23.268Z]  <kimhd> did Ganesh talk about RIPs yet?
[2018-10-02T16:49:46.340Z]  <sam_chase> manu: key recovery using navigating a path in a WebVR world
[2018-10-02T16:49:49.992Z]  <JoeAndrieu>  q+
[2018-10-02T16:50:22.744Z]  <rgrant_> manu: describes two cool outcomes from RWOT7: offline use cases, and fun game demo for memorizing a private key by walking through a 3d environment.
[2018-10-02T16:50:24.520Z]  <dlongley>  that's how "memory palaces" work
[2018-10-02T16:50:37.291Z]  <sam_chase> manu: using memory palaces in immersive space to hide keys, walk through an environment and pick things to remember instead of remembering a long string of characters.
[2018-10-02T16:50:45.622Z]  <burn>  yes dlongley you are right. that example came up
[2018-10-02T16:50:49.533Z]  <sam_chase> q+
[2018-10-02T16:50:51.820Z]  <ChristopherA>  q?
[2018-10-02T16:51:10.760Z]  <manu>  sam_chase: Yes, shout out for offline cryptography - Mike Lodder covered LC4 crypto method.
[2018-10-02T16:51:29.787Z]  <manu>  sam_chase: In that same two days, Wolf made it into an app that teaches you the muscle memory to encrypt messages easily.
[2018-10-02T16:52:00.400Z]  <ChristopherA>  ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-10-02T16:52:03.691Z]  <manu>  sam_chase: so you can encrypt using a deck of cards... would be neat to see the first app pushed out at rebooting. I didn't think I'd be doing that in a million years and I loved it.
[2018-10-02T16:52:05.551Z]  <JoeAndrieu>  https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot7/blob/master/topics-and-advance-readings/five-mental-models-of-identity.md
[2018-10-02T16:52:13.749Z]  <JoeAndrieu>  https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot7/blob/master/draft-documents/mental-models.md
[2018-10-02T16:52:31.130Z]  <kimhd> q?
[2018-10-02T16:52:36.688Z]  <kimhd> q+
[2018-10-02T16:52:43.982Z]  <sam_chase> joeandrieu: mental models of identities.. interesting directions, security mental model and continuity mental models
[2018-10-02T16:53:23.227Z]  <ChristopherA>  q- sam_chase
[2018-10-02T16:53:29.954Z]  <ChristopherA>  ack kim
[2018-10-02T16:53:30.700Z]  <ChristopherA>  ack kimhd
[2018-10-02T16:53:33.313Z]  <sam_chase> .... triggered a conversation with nathan george, topology of identity 1,2,3 actors and more and fit that into an interesting frame work
[2018-10-02T16:53:55.804Z]  <ChristopherA>  https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot7/blob/master/draft-documents/resource-integrity-proofs.md
[2018-10-02T16:55:57.148Z]  <sam_chase> kimhd: resource integrity proofs, ganesh's paper, my main interest was verifiable displays, realized the problem could be solved with resource integrity proofs, RIPs not focused on displays but perhaps could be used together, solving for linked data that points to an immutable store, checking for tamper detection. If in your credential it points to a human readable display... paper is mostly done and would like some feedback
[2018-10-02T16:56:07.267Z]  <heathervescent>  <3 Kim
[2018-10-02T16:59:08.079Z]  <ChristopherA>  q?
[2018-10-02T16:59:44.660Z]  <sam_chase> ChristopherA: if u wont be at tpac, go to IIW
[2018-10-02T16:59:53.584Z]  <sam_chase> sam_chase: thanks guys, I'll get better thanks for your patience
[2018-10-02T16:59:56.321Z]  <heathervescent>  Thanks all, bye.
[2018-10-02T16:59:59.887Z]  <ChristopherA>  Thanks~
[2018-10-02T17:06:57.143Z]  <dlehn> voip-ccg: connections?
[2018-10-02T17:07:19.463Z]  <dlehn> voip-ccg: disconnect 0ac
[2018-10-02T17:07:22.454Z]  <dlehn> voip-ccg: disconnect 0aa
[2018-10-02T17:07:25.267Z]  <dlehn> voip-ccg: disconnect 09a
[2018-10-02T17:07:36.673Z]  <dlehn> voip-ccg: disconnect 088
[2018-10-02T17:07:38.279Z]  <dlehn> voip-ccg: disconnect 083
