[Thu 13:05:29] <manu>	Agenda: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1je9Bnhe-1tLgP1bfCSUjvbQ_qllwCz042aGncWX7Uio/edit
[Thu 13:05:38] *	ChristianLundkvist (~ChristianLundkvist@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Thu 13:05:52] *	cwebber kimhd breaks into the system, turns to the camera and says... "I'm in"
[Thu 13:06:03] *	kimhd hahaha
[Thu 13:06:12] <kimhd>	IP Release check: https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/#
[Thu 13:06:16] *	drummond (~drummond@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Thu 13:06:22] *	sabadello (~sabadello@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Thu 13:06:38] <kimhd>	q+
[Thu 13:06:38] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has been added to the queue: kimhd
[Thu 13:06:49] <manu>	Topic: Intellectual Property Release
[Thu 13:10:53] <ChristianLundkvist>	q?
[Thu 13:10:53] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: kimhd
[Thu 13:10:55] <manu>	scribe: suedonym
[Thu 13:11:22] <kimhd>	https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/
[Thu 13:11:35] <manu>	q+ to call on people by name for IPR
[Thu 13:11:35] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: kimhd, manu
[Thu 13:11:38] <manu>	ack kimhd 
[Thu 13:11:38] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has the floor.
[Thu 13:11:43] <suedonym>	Chair: Drummond
[Thu 13:11:43] <suedonym>	present+ smith, zundel, taaz, 
[Thu 13:11:57] <kimhd>	present+
[Thu 13:13:31] *	cwebber 773 614 2279 is me
[Thu 13:14:23] <suedonym>	Kim noted that everyone needed to sign off on W3C IPR. You may join here https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/
[Thu 13:15:18] <suedonym>	Manu: Editors will reject an editors of the spec that do not have IPR commitment
[Thu 13:16:53] <suedonym>	Manu: Everyone must sign off on the IPR commitment. Drummond will bring this to to IBM.
[Thu 13:17:11] <manu>	(and Microsoft, DIF Members, etc.)
[Thu 13:17:13] <mike-lodder>	q?
[Thu 13:17:13] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Thu 13:17:16] <manu>	q- manu
[Thu 13:17:16] <voip-ccg>	manu has been removed from the queue:
[Thu 13:17:33] <ChristianLundkvist>	q?
[Thu 13:17:33] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Thu 13:18:09] <suedonym>	Topic: Two Stages of DID Document
[Thu 13:18:09] <suedonym>	Discussion from last call on 2 step resolution. DID methods can always be added in the second stage.
[Thu 13:18:24] <manu>	q+ to mention "two step" - minor change in language - "ways to represent DID document is up to implementers during resolution... item returned is what the DID Spec is about"
[Thu 13:18:24] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Thu 13:18:52] <dlongley>	+1 to manu
[Thu 13:19:30] <dlongley>	don't need "two stages" or anything so prescriptive, just need to say what pops out to the client
[Thu 13:19:46] <sabadello>	q+
[Thu 13:19:46] <voip-ccg>	sabadello has been added to the queue: manu, sabadello
[Thu 13:19:51] <suedonym>	Manu: Should we say - everything that happens during resolution is implementation specific.
[Thu 13:20:10] <dlongley>	and that also better reinforces that the DID doc is about what the client sees, not how a DID method implements DIDs/DID docs.
[Thu 13:20:31] <ChristianLundkvist>	q
[Thu 13:20:33] <ChristianLundkvist>	q+
[Thu 13:20:34] <voip-ccg>	ChristianLundkvist has been added to the queue: manu, sabadello, ChristianLundkvist
[Thu 13:20:35] <manu>	q+ Christian
[Thu 13:20:36] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, sabadello, ChristianLundkvist, Christian
[Thu 13:20:36] <ChristianLundkvist>	q?
[Thu 13:20:36] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu, sabadello, ChristianLundkvist, Christian
[Thu 13:20:39] <manu>	q- Christian
[Thu 13:20:39] <voip-ccg>	Christian has been removed from the queue: manu, sabadello, ChristianLundkvist
[Thu 13:20:42] <manu>	ack manu
[Thu 13:20:43] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to mention "two step" - minor change in language - "ways to represent DID document is up to implementers during resolution... item returned is what the DID Spec is about").
[Thu 13:20:55] <suedonym>	Manu: We should say - An identifier is mandatory in a DID Spec.
[Thu 13:21:21] <mike-lodder>	q?
[Thu 13:21:21] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: sabadello, ChristianLundkvist
[Thu 13:21:29] <dlongley>	q+ to say that we should be clearer about the purpose of a DID doc -- that it's for clients, not for DID method implementers to use internally (they are free to do so of course, if it makes sense)
[Thu 13:21:29] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been added to the queue: sabadello, ChristianLundkvist, dlongley
[Thu 13:21:38] <manu>	q+ we can specify stuff about process (conformance requirements, resolution, expectations) in the spec...
[Thu 13:21:38] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: sabadello, ChristianLundkvist, dlongley, manu
[Thu 13:21:44] <SamSmith>	q+
[Thu 13:21:44] <voip-ccg>	SamSmith has been added to the queue: sabadello, ChristianLundkvist, dlongley, manu, SamSmith
[Thu 13:21:46] <manu>	ack sabadello 
[Thu 13:21:47] <voip-ccg>	sabadello has the floor.
[Thu 13:21:50] <SamSmith>	q?
[Thu 13:21:50] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: ChristianLundkvist, dlongley, manu, SamSmith
[Thu 13:22:34] <suedonym>	Markus: the final result must be a doc that is compliant. Change the intermediating steps to make it more generic.
[Thu 13:23:33] <manu>	ack ChristianLundkvist 
[Thu 13:23:33] <voip-ccg>	ChristianLundkvist has the floor.
[Thu 13:23:40] <suedonym>	Christian also favors making it as simple as possible.
[Thu 13:23:47] <ChristianLundkvist>	q?
[Thu 13:23:47] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley, manu, SamSmith
[Thu 13:23:51] <mike-lodder>	q?
[Thu 13:23:52] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley, manu, SamSmith
[Thu 13:23:53] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Thu 13:23:53] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has the floor (to say that we should be clearer about the purpose of a DID doc -- that it's for clients, not for DID method implementers to use internally (they are free to do so of course, if it makes sense)).
[Thu 13:24:30] <manu>	ack manu 
[Thu 13:24:30] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (we can specify stuff about process (conformance requirements, resolution, expectations) in the spec...).
[Thu 13:24:37] <manu>	q+ drummond
[Thu 13:24:37] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: SamSmith, drummond
[Thu 13:25:40] <suedonym>	Manu: We are missing the section on conformance - this is what conformance means, and this is the software used
[Thu 13:26:45] <dlongley>	+1 to conformance section
[Thu 13:26:58] <dlongley>	q?
[Thu 13:26:58] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: SamSmith, drummond
[Thu 13:27:40] <manu>	+1 to Sam - we do want a lot of elaboration on non-normative sections.
[Thu 13:28:31] <manu>	q?
[Thu 13:28:31] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: SamSmith, drummond
[Thu 13:28:33] <manu>	ack SamSmith 
[Thu 13:28:33] <voip-ccg>	SamSmith has the floor.
[Thu 13:28:35] <manu>	ack drummond 
[Thu 13:28:35] <voip-ccg>	drummond has the floor.
[Thu 13:29:03] <suedonym>	Drummond: 2 conformance targets, the target system and resolver
[Thu 13:29:10] <suedonym>	Manu: DID agent, DID client
[Thu 13:29:40] <suedonym>	Drummond: Target system where the DID is registered. (includes requirements)
[Thu 13:30:57] <dlongley>	DID client, DID server (where the server could talk to a separated "target system" but that may be integrated with the "server")
[Thu 13:31:49] <suedonym>	Manu: Can we get away with 2? What are the conforment differences with a client for resolver and for a ledger?
[Thu 13:32:01] <manu>	q+ to note that almost everything falls into client/server on Internet/Web stuff
[Thu 13:32:01] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Thu 13:32:07] <mike-lodder>	q?
[Thu 13:32:07] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Thu 13:32:11] <sabadello>	q+
[Thu 13:32:11] <voip-ccg>	sabadello has been added to the queue: manu, sabadello
[Thu 13:32:19] <manu>	q- later
[Thu 13:32:19] <voip-ccg>	later isn't on the speaker queue.
[Thu 13:32:21] <manu>	q-
[Thu 13:32:21] <voip-ccg>	manu has been removed from the queue: sabadello
[Thu 13:32:23] <manu>	q+ to note that almost everything falls into client/server on Internet/Web stuff
[Thu 13:32:23] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: sabadello, manu
[Thu 13:32:31] <manu>	ack sabadello 
[Thu 13:32:31] <voip-ccg>	sabadello has the floor.
[Thu 13:32:34] <dlongley>	seems like the "third" is just an optional abstraction
[Thu 13:33:19] <ChristianLundkvist>	q+
[Thu 13:33:20] <voip-ccg>	ChristianLundkvist has been added to the queue: manu, ChristianLundkvist
[Thu 13:33:26] <suedonym>	Markus: Universal resolver project has a read me : Local resolver - executed locally. Web resolver. Client resolver - the client that calls the resolver.
[Thu 13:34:12] <suedonym>	Markus: Web resolver - executes methods directly but exposes API
[Thu 13:34:54] <cwebber>	think of DNS client vs DNS server :)
[Thu 13:35:09] <suedonym>	Markus: Local resolver - always talks to the target system
[Thu 13:35:31] <manu>	q+ to make two points 1) we may be conflating layers, 2) we may want to stick to simple client-server
[Thu 13:35:31] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, ChristianLundkvist, manu
[Thu 13:35:37] <dlongley>	DID client (give it a DID and it returns a DID doc). ... how does it do that? it contacts the "DID server" for the DID's method and follows whatever specific rules are defined by the DID method.
[Thu 13:35:44] <suedonym>	Markus volunteered to do diagrams on this
[Thu 13:36:29] <manu>	ack manu
[Thu 13:36:29] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to note that almost everything falls into client/server on Internet/Web stuff).
[Thu 13:36:29] <manu>	ack manu
[Thu 13:36:30] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to make two points 1) we may be conflating layers, 2) we may want to stick to simple client-server).
[Thu 13:37:17] <cwebber>	+1, DID resolution protocol is another spec
[Thu 13:37:24] <dlongley>	+1 protocol is another spec
[Thu 13:37:36] <cwebber>	(though it's useful to keep in mind as for what decisions we have in the DID model spec)
[Thu 13:37:38] <sabadello>	current terminology of the early "Universal Resolver" work: "local resolver", "web resolver", "client resolver": https://github.com/decentralized-identity/universal-resolver/tree/master/implementations/java
[Thu 13:38:42] <cwebber>	q?
[Thu 13:38:42] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: ChristianLundkvist
[Thu 13:39:09] <cwebber>	q+ to ask how we can "break out" the protocol conversation
[Thu 13:39:09] <voip-ccg>	cwebber has been added to the queue: ChristianLundkvist, cwebber
[Thu 13:39:14] <suedonym>	manu: Where are we going to put resolutions and parsers?
[Thu 13:41:03] <manu>	ack ChristianLundkvist 
[Thu 13:41:03] <voip-ccg>	ChristianLundkvist has the floor.
[Thu 13:41:37] <suedonym>	Christian: conformance req is like conformance for an HTML page (example)
[Thu 13:42:21] <dlongley>	q+ drummond
[Thu 13:42:21] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been added to the queue: cwebber, drummond
[Thu 13:42:29] <manu>	ack cwebber 
[Thu 13:42:29] <voip-ccg>	cwebber has the floor (to ask how we can "break out" the protocol conversation).
[Thu 13:43:17] *	manu forgot to address SamSmith's concerns - caching is a protocol thing... goes in conformance requirements for DID resolvers.
[Thu 13:44:06] <suedonym>	CWebber: Important to the group to decide how we break out the conformance requirements and still stay focused on the DID core.
[Thu 13:44:27] <suedonym>	Drummond: Second conformance target are DID Method Specs.
[Thu 13:44:46] <manu>	q+ to wonder if DID Methods should be a separate spec (not sure)
[Thu 13:44:46] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: drummond, manu
[Thu 13:44:48] <mike-lodder>	q?
[Thu 13:44:48] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: drummond, manu
[Thu 13:44:55] <manu>	ack drummond 
[Thu 13:44:55] <voip-ccg>	drummond has the floor.
[Thu 13:46:31] <suedonym>	Drummond: Suggests deferring second DID spec for web resolver
[Thu 13:46:56] <suedonym>	Manu: Focus on DID data model and parser
[Thu 13:47:29] <suedonym>	Manu: hard to juggle between specs
[Thu 13:47:52] <manu>	Topic: Simple Arrays of Key Descriptions
[Thu 13:47:54] *	cwebber also +1s moving on :)
[Thu 13:49:41] <suedonym>	Christian: this was the simplest possible way to gather up all the data we would be interested in for the DID Doc. The DID is a root of trust, a certificate of yourself as a root authority.
[Thu 13:50:02] <sabadello>	q- (Just wanted to say that specification of DID resolution could be done as a RWoT paper, but let's discuss another time.)
[Thu 13:50:02] <voip-ccg>	(Just isn't on the speaker queue.
[Thu 13:50:08] <sabadello>	q-
[Thu 13:50:08] <voip-ccg>	undefined isn't on the speaker queue.
[Thu 13:50:14] <manu>	q+ to mention the purpose of this area of the DID Document
[Thu 13:50:14] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, manu
[Thu 13:50:15] <sabadello>	q- sabadello
[Thu 13:50:15] <voip-ccg>	sabadello isn't on the speaker queue.
[Thu 13:50:17] <manu>	ack manu
[Thu 13:50:17] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to wonder if DID Methods should be a separate spec (not sure)).
[Thu 13:51:25] <manu>	q?
[Thu 13:51:25] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Thu 13:51:32] <mike-lodder>	q?
[Thu 13:51:32] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Thu 13:53:18] <suedonym>	Manu: concern is multi fold. We had this array of keys. Then we moved to auth cred (which was imperfect). Use "authentically material"
[Thu 13:53:35] <dlongley>	q+ to say issues include "keys" being too general and a lack of capabilities does not allow DID owners to specify who can make changes to their DID, particularly in the event of catastrophic key loss (this can go in another spec, but was a reason for what's in the post RWoT revision)
[Thu 13:53:35] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been added to the queue: manu, dlongley
[Thu 13:54:10] <suedonym>	SamSmith: Key rotation is at least as important use case as authentically material
[Thu 13:56:00] <suedonym>	Manu: argument - when you have a giant bag of keys, it is expected to be abused more. So instead of keys, we use authentication materials.
[Thu 13:56:31] <mike-lodder>	I don't see how this makes it better because authentication material can be interpreted as passwords
[Thu 13:56:47] <mike-lodder>	q?
[Thu 13:56:47] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu, dlongley
[Thu 13:57:04] <manu>	ack manu
[Thu 13:57:05] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to mention the purpose of this area of the DID Document).
[Thu 13:57:15] <manu>	q+ drummond
[Thu 13:57:16] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: dlongley, drummond
[Thu 13:57:29] *	manu just added drummond
[Thu 13:57:31] <manu>	ack drummond 
[Thu 13:57:31] <voip-ccg>	drummond has the floor.
[Thu 13:57:34] <mike-lodder>	q+
[Thu 13:57:34] <voip-ccg>	mike-lodder has been added to the queue: dlongley, mike-lodder
[Thu 13:57:51] <SamSmith>	q+
[Thu 13:57:51] <voip-ccg>	SamSmith has been added to the queue: dlongley, mike-lodder, SamSmith
[Thu 13:58:40] <suedonym>	Drummond: Must decide what is going to be in this array.
[Thu 13:59:41] <suedonym>	Drummond: At RWoT there was a large group that felt almost unan to call it biometric key.
[Thu 14:00:14] <suedonym>	Drummond: DID docs are the foundation to address key management
[Thu 14:00:52] <suedonym>	Drummond: auth is one of the classic use cases, but not the only use case. Boiled down to a type, idea, and a value
[Thu 14:00:59] <SamSmith>	While I agree with Manu that a generic field could tend to overuse as in the data example, I think that cryptographic keys are not nearly so generic. And keys are used for at least two purposes that make sense both authentication and encryption  but why should we care
[Thu 14:01:35] <SamSmith>	about the use. We just specify the key and suite and let the user fo the key material decide
[Thu 14:02:13] <suedonym>	present+ Buchner
[Thu 14:02:27] <manu>	q?
[Thu 14:02:27] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley, mike-lodder, SamSmith
[Thu 14:02:32] <manu>	q+ DanBuchner
[Thu 14:02:32] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: dlongley, mike-lodder, SamSmith, DanBuchner
[Thu 14:02:50] <SamSmith>	If we want to have relationships then have a separate section that defines the use of the key
[Thu 14:03:04] <suedonym>	DLongley: How do these things relate to the subject? How you use the key is defined by another spec. Ex: data sig
[Thu 14:03:21] <ChristianLundkvist>	q+
[Thu 14:03:21] <voip-ccg>	ChristianLundkvist has been added to the queue: dlongley, mike-lodder, SamSmith, DanBuchner, ChristianLundkvist
[Thu 14:05:49] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Thu 14:05:49] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has the floor (to say issues include "keys" being too general and a lack of capabilities does not allow DID owners to specify who can make changes to their DID, particularly in the event of catastrophic key loss (this can go in another spec, but was a reason for what's in the post RWoT revision)).
[Thu 14:06:45] <dlongley>	"keys" can be private.
[Thu 14:07:06] <suedonym>	Lodder: does not agree that it should be called auth materials. You are opening it up for people to put other stuff in there. It's too specific.
[Thu 14:07:17] <dlongley>	(the same problem exists) ... "public" could be used as a prefix to address those points.
[Thu 14:07:20] *	cwebber btw how long is this call?
[Thu 14:07:24] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Thu 14:07:24] <voip-ccg>	dlongley isn't on the speaker queue.
[Thu 14:07:26] <manu>	ack mike-lodder 
[Thu 14:07:26] <voip-ccg>	mike-lodder has the floor.
[Thu 14:07:28] <manu>	ack SamSmith 
[Thu 14:07:28] <voip-ccg>	SamSmith has the floor.
[Thu 14:07:33] *	dlongley ends in ~23 mins i think, cwebber
[Thu 14:07:40] *	cwebber ok ty dlongley
[Thu 14:08:31] <manu>	q+ not convinced there will be a small number of keys.
[Thu 14:08:32] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: DanBuchner, ChristianLundkvist, manu
[Thu 14:09:13] <manu>	q+ to note that DID Documents could become very complex... due to graphs.... not convinced there will be a small number of keys.
[Thu 14:09:13] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: DanBuchner, ChristianLundkvist, manu, manu
[Thu 14:09:14] <manu>	ack manu
[Thu 14:09:14] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (not convinced there will be a small number of keys.).
[Thu 14:09:33] <dlongley>	q+ to ask, what sam is saying would likely lead to duplication, why not find the right term for the relationship we want here as a minimum and use that ... and then let people add other relationships later as suggested?
[Thu 14:09:33] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been added to the queue: DanBuchner, ChristianLundkvist, manu, dlongley
[Thu 14:09:51] <manu>	ack DanBuchner
[Thu 14:09:51] <voip-ccg>	DanBuchner has the floor.
[Thu 14:10:17] <dlongley>	"indexed by type" is the proposal here -- no clear relationship between subject and object.
[Thu 14:11:43] <suedonym>	Manu: Need to have separate discussions between arrays and service objects
[Thu 14:11:47] <dlongley>	the array should be considered a set, not an ordered list
[Thu 14:12:53] <mike-lodder>	+1 dlongley
[Thu 14:13:27] <manu>	q?
[Thu 14:13:27] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: ChristianLundkvist, manu, dlongley
[Thu 14:13:28] <ChristianLundkvist>	q?
[Thu 14:13:28] <dlongley>	q?
[Thu 14:13:28] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: ChristianLundkvist, manu, dlongley
[Thu 14:13:28] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: ChristianLundkvist, manu, dlongley
[Thu 14:13:29] <manu>	ack ChristianLundkvist 
[Thu 14:13:29] <voip-ccg>	ChristianLundkvist has the floor.
[Thu 14:14:17] <suedonym>	ChristianLundkvist: We use DID docs to look up auth keys, not to look up encryption keys. But that may not always be the case.
[Thu 14:14:57] <suedonym>	ChristianLundkvist: Need to include Key material for roots of trust (ex: signing something)
[Thu 14:15:17] <manu>	q+ drummond
[Thu 14:15:17] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, dlongley, drummond
[Thu 14:15:42] *	cwebber q+ to talk about foo
[Thu 14:15:51] <manu>	ack manu
[Thu 14:15:52] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to note that DID Documents could become very complex... due to graphs.... not convinced there will be a small number of keys.).
[Thu 14:18:46] <suedonym>	q+ drummond
[Thu 14:18:46] <voip-ccg>	suedonym has been added to the queue: dlongley, drummond, drummond
[Thu 14:18:56] <suedonym>	q-
[Thu 14:18:57] <voip-ccg>	undefined isn't on the speaker queue.
[Thu 14:19:35] <manu>	q?
[Thu 14:19:35] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley, drummond, drummond
[Thu 14:19:37] <sabadello>	Manu: We need to remember that we're using a graph model, information from different graphs can be merged (open world assumption), therefore we should be very specific with semantics
[Thu 14:19:39] *	cwebber I'm not on the queue...
[Thu 14:19:40] <manu>	ack drummond 
[Thu 14:19:40] <voip-ccg>	drummond has the floor.
[Thu 14:19:42] <manu>	q?
[Thu 14:19:42] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley, drummond
[Thu 14:19:46] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Thu 14:19:46] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has the floor (to ask, what sam is saying would likely lead to duplication, why not find the right term for the relationship we want here as a minimum and use that ... and then let people add other relationships later as suggested?).
[Thu 14:19:57] *	cwebber oh my q+ earlier was just showing how to do q+ with a reminder :)
[Thu 14:20:32] <suedonym>	:)
[Thu 14:21:00] <manu>	q+ to note security issues we're creating by using "keys"
[Thu 14:21:00] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: drummond, manu
[Thu 14:21:05] <manu>	ack drummond 
[Thu 14:21:05] <voip-ccg>	drummond has the floor.
[Thu 14:21:07] <SamSmith>	q+
[Thu 14:21:07] <voip-ccg>	SamSmith has been added to the queue: manu, SamSmith
[Thu 14:22:06] <SamSmith>	If we accept the relation model then we should not have a keys field we should have each key have its specific relationship as determined by the user.  We merely specify what the format of a key looks like not where it is stored
[Thu 14:24:08] <SamSmith>	q?
[Thu 14:24:08] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu, SamSmith
[Thu 14:25:12] <dlongley>	q+ one may think it's just a different way of expressing the same information, but there is an important difference that you must account for: you've got a situation of designation without authority... if you simply hop to the node where the key is defined, you have lost the relationship between the subject and the key, and if the owner of that key does not match the subject what happens?
[Thu 14:25:12] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been added to the queue: manu, SamSmith, dlongley
[Thu 14:25:13] <manu>	q+ to note -- keys/type/purpose
[Thu 14:25:13] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, SamSmith, dlongley, manu
[Thu 14:25:16] <manu>	ack manu
[Thu 14:25:16] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to note security issues we're creating by using "keys").
[Thu 14:25:17] <manu>	ack manu
[Thu 14:25:17] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to note -- keys/type/purpose).
[Thu 14:25:24] <cwebber>	I'm not sure the type property specifies what it's used for but what kind of key structure it is...
[Thu 14:26:08] *	cwebber oh manu just said what I said ;)
[Thu 14:27:10] <suedonym>	Manu: The type field is too general.
[Thu 14:27:44] <ChristianLundkvist>	q+ Drummond
[Thu 14:27:44] <voip-ccg>	ChristianLundkvist has been added to the queue: SamSmith, dlongley, Drummond
[Thu 14:27:50] <ChristianLundkvist>	q?
[Thu 14:27:50] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: SamSmith, dlongley, Drummond
[Thu 14:28:21] <dlongley>	it would be better (for implementations) if you can't get to the key unless you've gone through the proper relationship to arrive there. -- that is a key distinction in how the data is modeled, it's *not* the same.
[Thu 14:28:47] <suedonym>	Manu: Identify the conflated arguments with the specifics on relationships.
[Thu 14:29:22] *	cwebber 1 minute remaining :)
[Thu 14:29:56] <manu>	I don't think that the 'type' is used in the way that Drummond wants it to be used ... :)
[Thu 14:30:14] <suedonym>	SamSmith: Each key should have its own field.
[Thu 14:30:55] <cwebber>	that still doesn't address the ambient authority problem
[Thu 14:31:05] <suedonym>	q?
[Thu 14:31:05] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: SamSmith, dlongley, Drummond
[Thu 14:31:23] <manu>	I think we're miscommunicating big time :)
[Thu 14:31:37] *	cwebber is signing off... have fun everyone :)
[Thu 14:31:45] *	dlongley o/
[Thu 14:31:47] *	manu waves to cwebber 
[Thu 14:32:10] <suedonym>	suedonym: Should we have a separate meeting just on this topic?
[Thu 14:32:34] <manu>	I think we keep going, suedonym -- it's a part of this discussion.
[Thu 14:35:12] <manu>	q+
[Thu 14:35:12] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: SamSmith, dlongley, Drummond, manu
[Thu 14:35:18] <manu>	ack SamSmith 
[Thu 14:35:19] <voip-ccg>	SamSmith has the floor.
[Thu 14:35:19] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Thu 14:35:19] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has the floor (one may think it's just a different way of expressing the same information, but there is an important difference that you must account for: you've got a situation of designation without authority... if you simply hop to the node where the key is defined, you have lost the relationship between the subject and the key, and if the owner of that key does not match the subject what happens?).
[Thu 14:37:51] <manu>	ack drummond 
[Thu 14:37:51] <voip-ccg>	drummond isn't on the speaker queue.
[Thu 14:38:01] <manu>	ack Drummond 
[Thu 14:38:01] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has the floor.
[Thu 14:42:55] <suedonym>	manu: Still need to have purpose discussion.
[Thu 14:43:16] <dlongley>	q?
[Thu 14:43:16] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Thu 14:43:20] <manu>	ack manu
[Thu 14:43:20] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor.
[Thu 14:43:25] <SamSmith>	I think there is some conflating of type and purpose there is a general purpose of cryptographic operation type and a specific purpose within a given application
[Thu 14:43:36] <dlongley>	you don't get to the data unless you've gone through the appropriate relationship to find it
[Thu 14:43:40] <manu>	SamSmith, I agree, we need to unpack that discussion.
[Thu 14:44:00] <dlongley>	if we uphold that as the model, people are less likely to mess up their implementations
[Thu 14:44:53] <suedonym>	SamSmith: Conflating purpose within an application and crypto field
[Thu 14:47:24] <suedonym>	SamSmith: Define ALL the standard purposes
[Thu 14:47:24] <suedonym>	Drummond: Ok, let's pick this up next time.
[Thu 14:47:24] <suedonym>	Manu: I think we need to propose two things, discuss differences. Maybe we want to back burner this discussion and pick up some of the other more easy ones.
[Thu 14:49:13] <dlongley>	q?
[Thu 14:49:13] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Thu 14:50:15] *	kimhd has quit ("Page closed")
[Thu 14:52:22] *	mike-lodder has quit ("Leaving")
[Thu 14:54:15] *	SamSmith has quit ("Page closed")
[Thu 14:54:35] <voip-ccg>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000001fe] has left the conference.
[Thu 14:54:35] <voip-ccg>	No one is in the conference.
[Thu 14:54:35] *	voip-ccg has quit ("Shutting down...")
