[Tue 11:03:56] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Nov/0012.html
[Tue 11:04:09] <manu>	scribe: dlongley
[Tue 11:04:10] <stone>	We need to add the following item to the agenda today:  start process issues in the spec (from manu)
[Tue 11:04:18] *	dlongley i'll scribe
[Tue 11:04:40] <manu>	Topic: W3C AB Feedback
[Tue 11:04:41] <voip-vctf>	12143842284 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c5] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:04:46] <manu>	q+ to mention that it's member-only.
[Tue 11:04:46] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:04:55] *	erkorb_rm (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:05:04] <dlongley>	stone: The link in the agenda that we just dropped in to this discussion... Manu you suggested we add this to the agenda in the last day or two. Could you give us a quick intro?
[Tue 11:05:16] *	bob (~bob@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:05:17] <manu>	W3C AB Feedback: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2016Nov/0011.html
[Tue 11:05:47] <dlongley>	manu: Sure. The discussion (the AB feedback) ... just a precursor to this, this is W3C member-confidential, so we can't actually talk about the contents or what people said. We can only talk about what is in the public.
[Tue 11:06:46] <dlongley>	manu: The W3C advisory board, they are elected, there are 10 on the board, 3 of them are Tantek (Mozilla), Chris Wilson (Google), Mike Champion (Microsoft). These three have raised concerns about the VC work publicly.
[Tue 11:06:52] <manu>	Email from Mike Champion of Microsoft: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-comments/2016Nov/0022.html
[Tue 11:07:23] <ShaneM>	huzzah!
[Tue 11:07:32] *	bob_ (~bob@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:07:44] <dlongley>	manu: Mike Champion from MS sent an email in that basically said that ... it was good. He was convinced that the education industry use cases meet the requirements for effectively starting a working group. He said he's "personally" persuaded, doesn't mean it's a MS position. That's good that we have met the REC track readiness criteria.
[Tue 11:07:44] <manu>	REC track readiness criteria: https://www.w3.org/Guide/standards-track/
[Tue 11:07:54] *	rob_trainer (~rob_trainer@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:07:56] *	nage (~nathan.george@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:07:58] <dlongley>	manu: He says we've met that for VC.
[Tue 11:08:33] *	amigus (~Adam@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:09:12] <voip-vctf>	447887767755 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c7] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:26] <dlongley>	manu: MS could still formally object if someone else doesn't want the work to proceed. Mike is convinced from an education perspective, specifically, Matt Stone, Richard Varn, and Nate Otto said things that were convincing. Then he wants to hear from the retail space. We've raised this and we need to hear from Bob Burke, Jay, and we've heard from Gray Taylor from Conexxus but Mike didn't find that compelling. He wants to see the implementers, not in general, but the specific spec being put forward. And do they have the ability to put this into the market. That's where he's coming from.
[Tue 11:09:27] *	phila (phila@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:09:33] <dlongley>	manu: Those are the types of responses that Mike needs to hear to convince him.
[Tue 11:09:38] <stone>	q+
[Tue 11:09:38] <voip-vctf>	stone has been added to the queue: manu, stone
[Tue 11:09:39] <dlongley>	manu: I think that's where we are right now. Matt over to you.
[Tue 11:09:43] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:09:43] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to mention that it's member-only.).
[Tue 11:10:36] <dlongley>	stone: A followup question to that is ... I know we spawned out of the Web Payments IG as a need to solve issues in the payments space. And it turns out that another vertical may be more mature in the need (Education). So what? Maybe we validated that we need a standard for industries that are not payments. What happens if we leave them behind and we don't satisfy his need for a use case in that space?
[Tue 11:11:17] <ShaneM>	(I am not concerned; there are payments people who care; lots of them)
[Tue 11:11:22] <dlongley>	manu: This places the Web Payments IG in an awkward position, they voted unanimously to put the charter up for a vote at W3C in the first place. I would expect that we'd hear from the IG. If we don't, then payments get removed from the charter and that's that. It's mostly that that group didn't expect to be taken out of the charter.
[Tue 11:11:27] <manu>	voip: 00c7 is PhilA
[Tue 11:11:27] <voip-vctf>	Associated PhilA with SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c7.
[Tue 11:11:32] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:11:32] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-000000ba], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000000bb], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000000bc], Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000000bd], Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-000000be], Les [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c0], RichardVarn [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c1], AdamMigus [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c2], GreggKellogg [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c3],  [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000000c4], 12143842284
[Tue 11:11:32] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c5], PhilA [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c7].
[Tue 11:11:40] <dlongley>	stone: Is that something that you and your relationship with the Web Payments members would drive?
[Tue 11:11:41] <dlongley>	manu: Yes.
[Tue 11:11:49] <dlongley>	manu: And Shane, I don't know if you want to say anything.
[Tue 11:12:08] <manu>	q+
[Tue 11:12:08] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: stone, manu
[Tue 11:12:12] <manu>	ack stone 
[Tue 11:12:12] <voip-vctf>	stone has the floor.
[Tue 11:12:14] <dlongley>	ShaneM: I put it in IRC already, there are payments people who care and they'll speak up.
[Tue 11:12:28] <manu>	q-
[Tue 11:12:28] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 11:12:46] <dlongley>	manu: We've requested space on the IG call next week to discuss this.
[Tue 11:14:18] <dlongley>	manu: The discussion seems to be around "Yes, but who has actually implemented this out in the field as REC track readiness criteria." What Chris, Tantek, Mike seem to be saying is that they need to see people who have implemented the spec as it stands right now in the wild and this is kind of a new thing at W3C and it's not an opinion that is shared by all W3C members. The general tenor from them seems to be that standards should be discovered and not created, and even though we have organizations saying they've been implementing this stuff for a decade plus, and their response is "You haven't implemented this *specific thing* and how does it solve a problem you couldn't solve before?"
[Tue 11:15:23] <manu>	q+ to mention why this is happening.
[Tue 11:15:23] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:15:39] <dlongley>	Phil: I think you have all put in so much effort, I don't know why it's even a thing and the sooner we get this on the road the better, I'd like to stop arguing and get on with it. This thing with incubation I think you've proved it. I understand why creating standard before market is a bad idea, but this group is being asked to do things that have never been asked to do. I'm amazed that anyone of you are even bothering to show up at this point.
[Tue 11:15:55] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:15:56] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to mention why this is happening.).
[Tue 11:15:59] <stone>	q?
[Tue 11:15:59] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:17:12] <ShaneM>	I *love* being the first one to break ground at the W3C. :/
[Tue 11:17:29] <dlongley>	manu: Thank you Phil, great to hear from W3C staff that you feel that the bar here is fantastically high. I think the reason the AB discussed this is because reps want to see something changed at W3C. They are concerned that W3C staff is spread too thin and they want to see thorough incubation before work started and the VC work was just coming to a head just as they feel that the way they fee labout changing W3C is also coming to a head. They have new criteria that they want to see become part of the W3C process. They are exercising that philosophy on use through their positions on the AB and as large W3C members.
[Tue 11:17:50] <dlongley>	manu: I don't think we're the first to break new ground, this is a new thing that they want to see happen and they are using us to push that discussion, is my view.
[Tue 11:17:55] <ShaneM>	I also love being used. :P
[Tue 11:18:46] <dlongley>	manu: But, with that happening, I think we have actually done the things they want us to do. For example, Chris Wilson has said there are no implementations, but there are and they are deployed (Digital Bazaar, ACDT, Pearson, ETS). There's clearly a miscommunication that's happened.
[Tue 11:18:55] <dlongley>	manu: They want to see a system they can use that uses this spec.
[Tue 11:20:07] *	amigus_ (~Adam@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:20:39] <dlongley>	Phil: I was looking at the use case document. The use case document is deliberately generic. I was asking whether ... Mike Champion, who seems to be softening which is nice, he was saying is there an ecosystem. And we say "Yes". And you say we took the specifics out to make a nice use case document. I think everyone in this group has put enough effort into this. I want to look at the charter and do some bits and bobs with it. I want to go to W3M and talk with them and they need to review it internally and I don't think there's any problem and I think it will go to the AC in the coming weeks. Unless I find anything else, I would be inclined to move the conversation and get on with what you want to do instead of answering the same question from the same people all the time.
[Tue 11:20:58] <manu>	Topic: Specific Use Cases
[Tue 11:21:20] <dlongley>	stone: So, last week, specifically the use cases have a pendulum swing/yo-yo pattern. On one hand too specific and then too generic. We show one, they want to see the other one. So it seems.
[Tue 11:22:09] <stone>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sTlymbzQ2zQsgnWDaNBXTq3aZ77RD_Jp5u9p9DLAcfA/edit#
[Tue 11:22:13] <dlongley>	stone: We started a very brief, pragmatic document, from healthcare, education, commerce, KYC. Here are the current use cases that are in practice today that are representative of the marketplace out in the wild where a standard would facilitate interop, privacy, and other goals we have. Can we shift gears about what we need to do, is that the last nail in the coffin so we can move onto issues in the spec.
[Tue 11:22:13] <manu>	q+ to talk about documenting specific data formats
[Tue 11:22:13] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:22:20] <dlongley>	stone: Here's the document that I just put into IRC>
[Tue 11:22:25] <phila>	q+
[Tue 11:22:25] <voip-vctf>	phila has been added to the queue: manu, phila
[Tue 11:22:32] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 11:22:32] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, phila
[Tue 11:23:42] <dlongley>	manu: I think one of the things that ... when Phil sent us the email, can we get some documented use cases with real world data, and I think a number of us are just trying to get that data here. I know our organization has a bunch of VC that we're talking with various companies about and we're engaged in pilots. I know Pearson, Evernym, Open Badges, etc have this stuff and we can talk about it and show the friction points on what's out there.
[Tue 11:23:55] <dlongley>	manu: Once we document this stuff we'll link to it from the use cases ... is that what you'd find useful, Phil?
[Tue 11:25:08] <dlongley>	phila: You already got a well written use cases document. Given the work you've done here, I'd be inclined ... as a suggestion here, under each generic use cases, you could say "Real world situations where this applies" with one, ideally more cases. These are real world companies that are happy to be named and if we meet these use cases then we've solved these problems. I would update the use case document with these real cases rather than trying to do anything new.
[Tue 11:25:14] <phila>	q-
[Tue 11:25:14] <voip-vctf>	phila has been removed from the queue: manu
[Tue 11:25:21] <manu>	q-
[Tue 11:25:21] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 11:25:58] <manu>	q+ to note a potentially different strategy.
[Tue 11:25:58] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:25:59] <dlongley>	stone: It seems like where we are then is, we have a group of us trying to collect real world examples, running right now in a parallel doc and the goal would be to bring them back into the official use case doc and either embed or refer to them.
[Tue 11:26:01] <ShaneM>	Happy to update the use cases with other data!
[Tue 11:26:02] <dlongley>	stone: I hear that right?
[Tue 11:26:22] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000000c8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:26:43] <dlongley>	phila: It's not part of the charter. This is the use case doc that you're working on for the working group. I'm pretty sure the charter is as it's going to be. This is simply to the acknowledge the discussion that's been going on and it can go out in the call to the AC for review.
[Tue 11:26:44] <dlongley>	stone: Sure.
[Tue 11:26:49] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:26:49] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note a potentially different strategy.).
[Tue 11:26:52] <voip-vctf>	12143842284 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c9] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:28:19] <dlongley>	manu: I would propose a slightly different strategy; we would still gather the data and put it in the doc, but maybe have a different section with real world data. 30-40-50 people have reviewed the use cases document at this point but don't have the real world data in the document and maybe what we need in the document is a section that just talks about real world data. And we say "For example, here are some VC in the wild today. And we put an example of open badges, pearson/acclaim stuff, ETS examples, JohnTibbets IMSGlobal, we've got examples from DHS, we just put that in there with a bunch of claims and say this is what it looks like and say what's deployed, etc.
[Tue 11:28:28] <dlongley>	manu: Any thoughts on that approach?
[Tue 11:28:29] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:28:33] <stone>	+1
[Tue 11:28:38] <ShaneM>	It feels harmless... +1
[Tue 11:28:47] <manu>	q+ bob_
[Tue 11:28:47] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: bob_
[Tue 11:28:48] <gkellogg>	+1
[Tue 11:28:52] <ShaneM>	(just so people can find the information)
[Tue 11:29:09] <manu>	q+ to note that these would be links.
[Tue 11:29:09] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: bob_, manu
[Tue 11:29:24] *	er_korb_rm (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:29:24] <dlongley>	stone: I think that's a reasonable way to represent this. When I go through the use cases I don't want to page through a bunch of examples that don't apply to my industry. Right now I can read use cases and see how theey apply. This goes in the appendix.
[Tue 11:29:47] <dlongley>	burke: With coupon media we see some applications and should we talk about what we want to do moving forward as well? We see applications for it, we just haven't done it yet.
[Tue 11:30:15] <manu>	ack bob_
[Tue 11:30:15] <voip-vctf>	bob_ has the floor.
[Tue 11:30:18] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, basically Mike Champion from MS needs to hear that from you and even just a mock up of what you want to do, he needs to hear it. Right now he's not hearing it and thinks you aren't there, when we know that you're here.
[Tue 11:30:20] <stone>	q?
[Tue 11:30:20] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:30:21] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:30:21] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note that these would be links.).
[Tue 11:30:52] <dlongley>	manu: I don't think we'd embed the examples directly in the document because they are very large, but we can link to them. We can store them in the directory. You wouldn't have to thumb through pages of content.
[Tue 11:30:55] <dlongley>	stone: Ok.
[Tue 11:31:07] <dlongley>	manu: Phil, would that meet the requirements that you have, for links to real world data?
[Tue 11:31:56] <gkellogg>	I can take no credit for the CSVW Use Cases.
[Tue 11:32:05] *	manu :)
[Tue 11:32:14] *	manu gkellogg can you talk about what led to that document? Were you there?
[Tue 11:32:35] <gkellogg>	https://www.w3.org/TR/csvw-ucr/
[Tue 11:32:41] <dlongley>	phila: There are two things. Satisfying the demands from the AC and the AB. And getting the use cases document ready for publication as a WG in the new year. The CSV on the Web use case document is really good, it has real world data, nothing made up. I would be inclined to say, yes, put them in the appendix, wherever. At this stage now, I think we're just trying to get agreement to go ahead with this. In the message that goes to the AC for review, "In response to comments, here's real world data augmenting the use case document showing how it works with the existing use cases, etc." Or something like that.
[Tue 11:32:52] <dlongley>	phila: How it goes in tothe document is up to the editors.
[Tue 11:33:12] <stone>	q?
[Tue 11:33:12] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:34:11] <dlongley>	stone: If I think about timing and sequence, and a sense of urgency, this document I scanned through ... are you saying/recommending that we produce a deliverable along these lines on a short timeline in the next week or two, before this goes up for a vote, or what is the urgent item that we do in the next 10 days that moves the needle on this?
[Tue 11:35:52] *	erkorb_rm has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:36:11] *	donc has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:36:46] <dlongley>	phila: I believe in the emails we've gotten and the google doc I've just seen,  I need to do my bit, just been too busy. My job, now, is to get two things ... I've got to get W3M to agree that it goes to the AC, which I think they'll do, I'll say to them that this group has been put through the mill, unusual level of scrutiny, asked every single question asked, answered multiple times, and where people are asking for showing existing ecosystem, development before we do anything, I can point to docs that show this has been done and I can point these other docs and can point to real world data now. When it goes out for review, it will include some of that information. It's for me to document what you've already documented and put that forward to the AC. I've read the discussions, I can see why they've been saying this. I know they've been asking the same question and getting answers. I've very confident that there will be a VCWG in the new year. And then, because of all the work you've done and you've already got your use case document and there's nothing new that you haven't already done.
[Tue 11:36:48] <stone>	q?
[Tue 11:36:49] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:36:52] <dlongley>	stone: That sounds pretty positive.
[Tue 11:37:15] <dlongley>	manu: One slight clarification, I do think we need to put that data in the use cases document and say "This is the data we're working with today. This is in systems today."
[Tue 11:37:17] <dlongley>	phila: Sure, yeah.
[Tue 11:37:37] <ShaneM>	I don't mind adding some information to the use cases.  Should it be in an appendix?
[Tue 11:37:53] <dlongley>	phila: I have a workshop in two weeks time which I'm hoping leads to a new working group and if we have to do go through this every time there is a new WG ... I will reserve passing judgment now. The WG I want to start next year would not pass all these tests.
[Tue 11:37:57] *	manu ShaneM - don't know yet.
[Tue 11:38:31] <dlongley>	phila: I wonder whether ... age verification and the UK passing a law for age verification to be in place for anyone selling age-restricted products/services.
[Tue 11:38:34] <stone>	q?
[Tue 11:38:34] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:38:50] <dlongley>	stone: We have in the commerce side, claims that relate to over 21 and the US example is buying alcohol.
[Tue 11:39:03] <manu>	Topic: Age Verification Use Case
[Tue 11:39:49] <dlongley>	stone: We don't necessarily call this out in education explicitly, but in education and professional licensure, legislative acts are the defining bar that run that drive our systems. One of the examples I pulled together is verifying nurse aid license in SC, USA. It's not just a UK commerce restriction. Many examples require a verified claim before an individual can take a job or practice their craft.
[Tue 11:40:59] <stone>	q?
[Tue 11:40:59] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:41:08] <Varn>	q+
[Tue 11:41:08] <voip-vctf>	Varn has been added to the queue: Varn
[Tue 11:41:11] <manu>	q+ to note political issues w/ Verifiable Claims.
[Tue 11:41:11] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: Varn, manu
[Tue 11:41:14] <dlongley>	phila: The political question comes in, at the moment, there are a number of ideas put forward for how you might do that. Most are ill-informed or wacko, and for various reasons should not be touched. My political fear is that, come the day that W3C has a REC for doing VC. Then the legislators will say "Now you can, therefore it is mandated that you must." In that case, the tech developed here has a whole extra layer on top of it and we have battles with ACLU. There's a whole load of politics that comes into that we have to mindful of. Asking whether this community has come across this as a political issue, has their been any flak about it, what will happen.
[Tue 11:41:18] <dlongley>	phila: You are going to get it.
[Tue 11:42:17] <dlongley>	Richard: We've had a lot of discussions about it over the years and we're keenly aware of them. One of the reasons we're attracted to this is a toolset to help people make choices about how privacy is managed. In the very standards work we're doing, we're providing a response that the ACLU and other privacy advocates care about in the work. That doesn't mean that they won't misunderstand or misinterpret, that happens.
[Tue 11:42:28] <stone>	q?
[Tue 11:42:28] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: Varn, manu
[Tue 11:42:33] <stone>	ack Varn
[Tue 11:42:33] <voip-vctf>	Varn has the floor.
[Tue 11:42:35] <dlongley>	Richard: Privacy sensitive and privacy protecting methods are important and we're proposing them. Not sure what else we can do there.
[Tue 11:42:38] <manu>	Input from Gray Taylor at Connexxus: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-comments/2016Nov/0022.html
[Tue 11:42:45] <stone>	ack manu
[Tue 11:42:45] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note political issues w/ Verifiable Claims.).
[Tue 11:44:12] <dlongley>	manu: Phil, I just dropped a link in ... if you scroll a page down. Gray Taylor is the executive director of Conexxus, all fuel and retail in the US. If you buy fuel in the US or buy from a convenience store, you deal with the tech standards they put out there. Their primary use case is around age verification. It's for exactly what you said, it's for making sure a person is above a certain age to buy things like tobacco, alcohol, etc. from a convenience store. This is a primary use case for this and they are looking for VC that can address that and we have it in our use cases. That's on the desire side, they desire VC to address that use case.
[Tue 11:44:28] <manu>	Privacy Considerations: http://opencreds.org/specs/source/claims-data-model/#privacy-considerations
[Tue 11:46:09] <phila>	https://medium.com/@alecmuffett/a-sequence-of-spankingly-bad-ideas-483cecf4ba89#.o3sf9m2rc Bad ideas for age verification
[Tue 11:46:11] <dlongley>	manu: What we also have is ... at a recent workshop calling Rebooting Web of Trust. A number of us got together and hashed out all of hte initial privacy considerations when it comes to VC. I know that Wendy at W3C is really concerned about privacy here and there are a number of EU mandates that are really important to take into consideration when talking about privacy, orgs that don't provide a certain level of privacy can be fined, very seriously. To attempt to address that we have a fairly good, high-level privacy consideration section. We have 15 items there, many not filled out that were discussions as section headers in the spec right now and we expect all of those things to filled out over the lifetime of the WG. You asked a general question: "Are you thinking about privacy?" And the short answer is "Absolutely".
[Tue 11:46:19] <dlongley>	manu: There are many things to discuss about what's out there.
[Tue 11:46:32] <stone>	q+
[Tue 11:46:32] <voip-vctf>	stone has been added to the queue: stone
[Tue 11:47:39] <stone>	q?
[Tue 11:47:39] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stone
[Tue 11:47:39] <dlongley>	phila: The digital economy bill going through the UK parliament right now requires age verification. There's a requirement that they must do it ... and there are various ideas that are well intentioned but wrong, others who want to make a quick buck on proprietary systems, etc. If you're perfectly well aware of all this that's great, I assumed you would be. Lots of various legal concerns. As you clearly well know, this will bite you and you sound prepared which is terrific, thank you.
[Tue 11:48:37] <dlongley>	stone: One note on that, to this group, and to the W3C at large, it drives us to be careful about overselling our capability or deliverable that's in this charter. Our plan is to make a data model to represent this content. What you're describing is a full end to end solution with protocols, etc. We won't have that at this first phase.
[Tue 11:48:42] <dlongley>	phila: Yes, that's good. I noticed tha.t
[Tue 11:48:51] <stone>	q?
[Tue 11:48:51] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stone
[Tue 11:48:54] <stone>	ack st
[Tue 11:48:54] <voip-vctf>	st isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:48:58] <dlongley>	phila: The charter mentions that.
[Tue 11:49:04] <dlongley>	stone: Any more on this topic?
[Tue 11:49:21] <manu>	Topic: Spec Issues
[Tue 11:49:23] <dlongley>	stone: Last remaining item on the agenda is to work through issues on the spec.
[Tue 11:49:37] <stone>	ack stone
[Tue 11:49:37] <voip-vctf>	stone has the floor.
[Tue 11:49:40] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:49:41] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-000000ba], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000000bb], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000000bc], Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000000bd], Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-000000be], Les [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c0], RichardVarn [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c1], AdamMigus [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c2], GreggKellogg [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c3], [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000000c4], 12143842284
[Tue 11:49:41] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c5], PhilA [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c7], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000000c8], 12143842284 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000c9].
[Tue 11:50:32] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/claims-data-model/
[Tue 11:50:36] <dlongley>	manu: The claims data model spec has lived here^
[Tue 11:50:52] <dlongley>	manu: All of the specs were on opencreds.org a name we started with and moved away from.
[Tue 11:52:31] <gkellogg>	q+
[Tue 11:52:31] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: gkellogg
[Tue 11:52:35] <dlongley>	manu: W3C has a new process where it manages all this stuff on github. The things between now and the formation of the WG, one of us will get to it, we need to get this spec into its own github repo, and then start adding issues, document the issues associated with that github repo. Typically every spec gets its own repo, use cases, its own repo, data model spec its own repo, etc. then start logging issues. The chairs and editors should look at the issues and prioritize them in a way that meets the goals of the WG. Rinse and repeat. There will be specs in github repos, issues logged against them. Most of the discussions happen on the github tracker these days instead of the mailing list. There's a process that W3C, we're seeing used more and more at WGs.
[Tue 11:52:49] <dlongley>	manu: So, I guess the first question is, are there any objections to working in that way?
[Tue 11:52:56] <manu>	ack gkellogg 
[Tue 11:52:56] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Tue 11:52:58] <stone>	q?
[Tue 11:52:58] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:53:26] <manu>	q+ to note how we solved this in web payments IG.
[Tue 11:53:26] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:53:29] <dlongley>	gkellogg: So, I think we had this discussion a while ago and we did resolve to use multiple repos. I'm still hung up on how to deal with shared assets. If you have terms in common, etc.
[Tue 11:53:37] <stone>	q?
[Tue 11:53:37] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:54:27] <ShaneM>	q+ to say that ARIA has had to deal with this too
[Tue 11:54:27] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: manu, ShaneM
[Tue 11:54:29] <dlongley>	gkellogg: Having multiple use cases just seem to challenge that. In the CSVW case, there was a CSVW org where we could collect everything, sometimes issues span multiple specs and we could organize there. Being able to tag issues across all the different specs they might touch. If we go into multiple repos I'm concerned we'll lose cross linking and resource sharing.
[Tue 11:54:32] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:54:32] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note how we solved this in web payments IG.).
[Tue 11:54:33] <stone>	ack manu
[Tue 11:54:33] <voip-vctf>	manu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:55:36] *	phila needs to drop off the call. Speak again soon
[Tue 11:56:16] <dlongley>	manu: Just to note how we address this in the Web Payments IG...has an IG repo, where general issues are raised that affect all the specs. Just a holding spot for issues that bridge a number of different specs. We also have spec-specific issue trackers that are just for issues for a very specific spec. Having those different issue trackers seems to be ok, people are ok with that. The other thing you raised is a technical question, how do you refer to a shared glossary. We publish everything to github pages and then you cross link to all the specs and pull in terminology from a common repo, etc. We did that with WPIG. Each spec pulls that terminology in thanks to a number of extensions that Shane did. There's a pattern we can follow that works in the WPIG.
[Tue 11:56:22] <stone>	thanks phila
[Tue 11:56:44] <dlongley>	ShaneM: Pretty close to same pattern in ARIA work. There's some magic in JS to automatically resolve interdocument refs, and it's a solved problem. It's not solved well, but well enough.
[Tue 11:56:52] <stone>	q+
[Tue 11:56:52] <voip-vctf>	stone has been added to the queue: ShaneM, stone
[Tue 11:56:57] <stone>	ack ShaneM
[Tue 11:56:57] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor (to say that ARIA has had to deal with this too).
[Tue 11:56:58] <manu>	ack ShaneM 
[Tue 11:56:58] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:57:21] <dlongley>	stone: So it seems that we're resolved to put the spec in its own repo according to manu's suggestion?
[Tue 11:57:29] <manu>	ack stone 
[Tue 11:57:29] <voip-vctf>	stone has the floor.
[Tue 11:57:36] *	ShaneM wonders if we can get dan burnett do the repo migratioin
[Tue 11:57:54] *	manu ShaneM I'll have to do it, because it requires funky git subtree'ing :)
[Tue 11:58:00] <dlongley>	gkellogg: I'm sure it would work. There are different ways to do it, I just didn't understand all those technical things, I'm familiar with the mechanisms you've used to resolve these things, sort of just a clarification I was looking for, I don't have an issue with going in that direction.
[Tue 11:58:01] <stone>	Dan is in korea, but voluteered
[Tue 11:58:03] *	manu the person that does it has to know the history of the repo :)
[Tue 11:58:29] <dlongley>	manu: I can take an action to split the spec out, whoever does it has to know the history, so it should be me.
[Tue 11:58:32] <stone>	q?
[Tue 11:58:32] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:58:34] *	ShaneM would like to have edit access to the new repo
[Tue 11:59:14] <dlongley>	stone: Next week is Thanksgiving holiday in the US, we had decided not to meet, so two weeks from now. Would you let this group know when you have that work completed and two weeks from now Dan Burnett is up to chair and he'll use existing issues as a source for the agenda for the next meeting.
[Tue 11:59:16] <manu>	ACTION: Manu to migrate specifications to independent repositories.
[Tue 11:59:18] <dlongley>	manu: Will do.
[Tue 11:59:26] <dlongley>	stone: Anymore business for the day?
[Tue 11:59:31] <dlongley>	None. Adjourned.
[Tue 11:59:31] <dlongley>	Present+ mccarron, longley, tibbettssporny, burke, varn, lehn, stone, chasen, migus, kellogg, archer
