[2019-12-10T17:02:24.402Z]	<Justin_R>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:02:29.870Z]	<ottonomy>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:02:46.858Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:02:55.552Z]	<Orie>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:03:10.754Z]	<manu>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:03:12.119Z]	<joel>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:03:12.538Z]	<dlehn>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:03:16.823Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:03:23.142Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:03:23.539Z]	<stuartf>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:03:27.459Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:03:29.801Z]	<drummond>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:03:35.007Z]	<yancy>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:03:37.798Z]	<JamesChartrand>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:03:57.901Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:04:01.792Z]	<Orie>	scribe+
[2019-12-10T17:04:12.786Z]	<agropper>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:04:14.513Z]	<JeffO-Stl>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:04:46.842Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:04:7.842Z]	<kimhd>	present+ greg_nadeau
[2019-12-10T17:05:22.652Z]	<drummond>	voip: 1f8 is drummond
[2019-12-10T17:05:27.240Z]	<Orie>	I have volunteered
[2019-12-10T17:05:36.579Z]	<kimhd_>	Scribe: Orie
[2019-12-10T17:05:48.760Z]	<kimhd_>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Dec/0036.html
[2019-12-10T17:06:20.819Z]	<Orie>	Topic: Agenda Review
[2019-12-10T17:06:22.000Z]	<sumita>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:06:38.429Z]	<AnthonyRonning>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:07:00.984Z]	<Orie>	Kim: IP Notes, Call Notes, Introductios, Announcements, Progress Action items
[2019-12-10T17:07:26.012Z]	<manu>	voip: noise?
[2019-12-10T17:07:39.229Z]	<Orie>	... Focus on introduction and discussion on "Verifiable Credentials for Education Task Force"
[2019-12-10T17:07:53.701Z]	<kimhd_>	q?
[2019-12-10T17:07:54.813Z]	<Orie>	... any additions?
[2019-12-10T17:07:58.312Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-12-10T17:08:13.442Z]	<manu>	q-
[2019-12-10T17:08:26.114Z]	<kimhd_>	https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/join
[2019-12-10T17:08:27.438Z]	<manu>	q+ to note status of CCG/DIF PDS/IdH/EDV discussion.
[2019-12-10T17:08:27.559Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:08:30.201Z]	<Orie>	... calls are open, substantive contributions must come from those who sign IPR
[2019-12-10T17:08:33.964Z]	<kimhd_>	https://www.w3.org/accounts/request
[2019-12-10T17:08:41.842Z]	<chriswinc>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:08:46.702Z]	<Orie>	... its easy and free to create a CCG acount
[2019-12-10T17:08:52.900Z]	<manu>	voip: noise?
[2019-12-10T17:09:00.684Z]	<kimhd_>	https://www.w3.org/community/about/agreements/cla/
[2019-12-10T17:09:04.179Z]	<Orie>	... see the the CLA^
[2019-12-10T17:09:19.993Z]	<kimhd_>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/meetings/
[2019-12-10T17:09:26.143Z]	<Orie>	... These minutes and an audio recording are archived.
[2019-12-10T17:09:37.466Z]	<Orie>	... we use IRC to que speaker and take minutes
[2019-12-10T17:10:07.539Z]	<Orie>	... type q+ to <something>
[2019-12-10T17:10:29.239Z]	<Orie>	Topic: Introductions / Reintroductions
[2019-12-10T17:11:03.567Z]	<Orie>	Erica: I'm Erica Connell, hear to learn more and participate
[2019-12-10T17:11:24.351Z]	<Orie>	James: I'm James, working with McMaster University in Canad
[2019-12-10T17:11:55.203Z]	<Orie>	Steve McGuiness: been lurking
[2019-12-10T17:12:35.744Z]	<econnell>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:13:01.539Z]	<kimhd_>	This is Greg Nadeau
[2019-12-10T17:13:22.312Z]	<kimhd_>	present+ greg_nadeau
[2019-12-10T17:13:23.568Z]	<Orie>	Greg: dialled in, with public consulting, based in US, co chair IMS Global conference, co chair IEEE conception model for learning technology systems, looking forward to integrating community worj
[2019-12-10T17:13:26.639Z]	<stuartf>	I can hear everyone well, not sure why my outgoing audio is bad. I'm Stuart Freeman, Application Developer for Georgia Tech, where we have some digital credential pilots
[2019-12-10T17:13:39.053Z]	<kimhd_>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2019-12-10T17:13:46.804Z]	<Orie>	Topic: Announcements and Reminders
[2019-12-10T17:14:17.099Z]	<Orie>	Kim: we keep this page up to date usually, last meeting in 2019 coming up.
[2019-12-10T17:14:31.960Z]	<Orie>	Joe: I thought 3rd and 10th were only 2 meetings
[2019-12-10T17:14:34.680Z]	<TallTed>	Dec 17 shows TBD -- https://github.com/w3c-ccg/announcements
[2019-12-10T17:14:38.711Z]	<Orie>	Kim: stay tuned for the last meeting
[2019-12-10T17:14:46.524Z]	<manu>	q?
[2019-12-10T17:14:58.088Z]	<Orie>	... ongoing announcements, dedicated calls on DIDs on thursdays
[2019-12-10T17:15:21.593Z]	<Orie>	... manu, please speak to the F2F meeting
[2019-12-10T17:15:26.579Z]	<burn>	present+ Dan_Burnett
[2019-12-10T17:15:34.963Z]	<kimhd_>	https://zoom.us/j/7077077007
[2019-12-10T17:15:37.284Z]	<dmitriz>	present+ Dmitri_Zagidulin
[2019-12-10T17:15:48.819Z]	<kimhd_>	1-2:30PM PT / 20:00-21:30 UTC
[2019-12-10T17:15:52.160Z]	<Orie>	... did resolution breakout calls, task force within ccg, they have seperate calls, happens on thursdays in the zoom mentioned, 1PM Pacific
[2019-12-10T17:16:16.040Z]	<Orie>	... this year, we are closing out items, we may use one more call to close items...
[2019-12-10T17:16:24.099Z]	<kimhd_>	ack manu
[2019-12-10T17:16:58.527Z]	<Orie>	Manu: As you know, we are discussing Personal Data Stores, Identity Hubs, and Encrypted Data Vaults... this covers storage of data associated with DIDs
[2019-12-10T17:17:10.301Z]	<Orie>	... we have had calls with DIF, W3C CCG, Hyperledger Aries
[2019-12-10T17:17:14.880Z]	<manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Dec/0031.html
[2019-12-10T17:17:16.248Z]	<Orie>	... the calls have been well attended
[2019-12-10T17:17:24.023Z]	<Orie>	... we have a solid path forward.
[2019-12-10T17:17:44.840Z]	<Orie>	... see minutes, we have almost concluded that we will have a joint work item with DIF and CCG..
[2019-12-10T17:17:53.086Z]	<Orie>	... we are still resolving IPR issues
[2019-12-10T17:18:03.422Z]	<agropper>	Here's my action item in progress on the storage calls about scope https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FBfs4shirUAtqD_d_t6F6oi2NZ0Y7400MDoYSm14Yco/edit
[2019-12-10T17:18:04.468Z]	<Orie>	... action is on DIF mgmt / W3C mgmt
[2019-12-10T17:18:20.105Z]	<Orie>	... we are hoping things will be sorted within the next month
[2019-12-10T17:18:22.040Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+
[2019-12-10T17:18:29.702Z]	<Orie>	... Dan to speak about F2F
[2019-12-10T17:18:31.847Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q-
[2019-12-10T17:18:41.103Z]	<Orie>	Dan: yes, the meeting is 29-31st January
[2019-12-10T17:19:06.180Z]	<manu>	https://www.w3.org/2019/did-wg/Meetings/F2F/2020.01.Amsterdam
[2019-12-10T17:19:22.614Z]	<Orie>	... if you are interested, if you want to come as a gues, let Dan or Brent know
[2019-12-10T17:19:30.610Z]	<kimhd_>	q?
[2019-12-10T17:19:53.360Z]	<Orie>	Jonathan: lets review IPR issues regarding restrictions
[2019-12-10T17:20:07.960Z]	<Orie>	... not clear about overlap with DIF, would love to understand more
[2019-12-10T17:20:16.012Z]	<Orie>	Kim: we are all not lawyers...
[2019-12-10T17:20:28.259Z]	<Orie>	... lets try and get someone to speak on it
[2019-12-10T17:20:40.874Z]	<drummond>	I have spent some years on these IPR issues, so I'm happy to help explain that
[2019-12-10T17:20:41.080Z]	<Orie>	... manu might be a good candidate to speak on this
[2019-12-10T17:20:57.499Z]	<Orie>	Kim: moving on
[2019-12-10T17:21:00.061Z]	<kimhd_>	 .	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2019-12-10T17:21:03.913Z]	<Orie>	Topic: Progress & Action Items
[2019-12-10T17:21:20.712Z]	<Orie>	Kim: this link is where we keep track of action items for review next... there is a lot here
[2019-12-10T17:21:41.530Z]	<kimhd_>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/100
[2019-12-10T17:21:48.194Z]	<Orie>	... the main topic of todays call is refered by christopher
[2019-12-10T17:21:53.539Z]	<Orie>	... can you elaborate
[2019-12-10T17:22:15.740Z]	<Orie>	Kim: moving on...
[2019-12-10T17:22:38.406Z]	<Orie>	... Next issue, web kms... did key method
[2019-12-10T17:22:39.680Z]	<kimhd_>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/98
[2019-12-10T17:22:48.919Z]	<Orie>	... lets talk about did key
[2019-12-10T17:23:10.173Z]	<Orie>	... we can move ahead with it, we have an editor... Oliver
[2019-12-10T17:23:19.962Z]	<Orie>	... I have action for next steps
[2019-12-10T17:23:24.745Z]	<kimhd_>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/99
[2019-12-10T17:23:29.220Z]	<Orie>	... now lets talk about Web KMS
[2019-12-10T17:23:32.705Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2019-12-10T17:23:35.474Z]	<manu>	w+
[2019-12-10T17:23:37.259Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-12-10T17:23:39.620Z]	<Orie>	... manu should we make this a topic of a call?
[2019-12-10T17:24:09.407Z]	<Orie>	Manu: I think... I don't know... probably a call discussion is good idea.
[2019-12-10T17:24:31.185Z]	<Orie>	... people may have questions, lets kickoff a discussion on mailing list and maybe also some time on the call
[2019-12-10T17:24:35.182Z]	<kimhd_>	q?
[2019-12-10T17:24:42.700Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2019-12-10T17:24:51.308Z]	<Orie>	Kim: next step, lets discuss on the call next week
[2019-12-10T17:24:52.583Z]	<dlongley>	ack manu
[2019-12-10T17:24:54.842Z]	<kimhd_>	ack manu
[2019-12-10T17:25:05.124Z]	<dlongley>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-12-10T17:25:09.430Z]	<Orie>	Joe: Do we have 2 editors
[2019-12-10T17:25:19.160Z]	<Orie>	Orie is willing to edit
[2019-12-10T17:25:36.501Z]	<Orie>	Joe: lets have discussion next week
[2019-12-10T17:26:03.240Z]	<Orie>	Joe: seems to pass test, has 2 editors, we have had conversations, let goo!!!!
[2019-12-10T17:26:10.605Z]	<manu>	+1
[2019-12-10T17:26:52.808Z]	<kimhd_>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/97
[2019-12-10T17:26:58.120Z]	<Orie>	Kim: next item, open 28 days ago....need to host schema for current jsonld schemas
[2019-12-10T17:27:10.523Z]	<Orie>	... no context, need to hear more to move forward with this
[2019-12-10T17:27:16.303Z]	<Orie>	q+
[2019-12-10T17:27:17.571Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-12-10T17:27:19.160Z]	<kimhd_>	q?
[2019-12-10T17:27:20.502Z]	<manu>	q-
[2019-12-10T17:27:23.961Z]	<kimhd_>	ack Orie
[2019-12-10T17:27:33.592Z]	<kimhd_>	scribe: kimhd
[2019-12-10T17:28:11.071Z]	<kimhd_>	Orie: issue 97 is sister issue of DID context hosting. When you need to update context, update doc next to it
[2019-12-10T17:28:37.861Z]	<kimhd_>	...Orie has open item in DID wg for something similar. Volunteered to help move this forward
[2019-12-10T17:29:02.432Z]	<Orie>	Kim: lets keep track of context hosting discussion
[2019-12-10T17:29:12.705Z]	<Orie>	... hopefully we can close this out soon.
[2019-12-10T17:29:13.720Z]	<kimhd_>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/94
[2019-12-10T17:29:24.648Z]	<Orie>	... need a process summary for VCWG
[2019-12-10T17:29:38.308Z]	<Orie>	... we need to know maintence mode... dan progress?
[2019-12-10T17:29:53.431Z]	<Orie>	Dan: Manu and I had started a conversation around it
[2019-12-10T17:30:05.602Z]	<Orie>	... we have started, but not finished the discussion
[2019-12-10T17:30:19.320Z]	<Orie>	... need to make process smooth, but without confusing people about work items
[2019-12-10T17:30:34.727Z]	<Orie>	Kim: sounds like it will touch on general process, talk to the chairs
[2019-12-10T17:30:57.587Z]	<Orie>	Dan: vote is still out, needs to be charted... if your AC Rep has not voted, ask them too
[2019-12-10T17:31:07.466Z]	<Orie>	... nothing will go the working group until it has been created
[2019-12-10T17:31:16.048Z]	<Orie>	... probably end of january, early feb
[2019-12-10T17:31:24.253Z]	<Orie>	... there is no place for PRs to go
[2019-12-10T17:31:27.029Z]	<manu>	VOTE HERE: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Dec/0000.html
[2019-12-10T17:31:34.227Z]	<Orie>	... hopfully we will have process in place soon
[2019-12-10T17:31:57.082Z]	<kimhd_>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/32
[2019-12-10T17:31:57.969Z]	<Orie>	Kim: One last item, issue 32. update crypto suites to use COSE
[2019-12-10T17:32:06.383Z]	<Orie>	... any movement?
[2019-12-10T17:32:13.074Z]	<drummond>	I voted!
[2019-12-10T17:32:19.921Z]	<Orie>	... this is a year old...
[2019-12-10T17:32:34.960Z]	<Orie>	... manu and dave, any additions
[2019-12-10T17:32:39.180Z]	<Orie>	... should we carry?
[2019-12-10T17:32:49.442Z]	<Orie>	Manu: don't think COSE is far enough along...
[2019-12-10T17:32:58.947Z]	<Orie>	... people think its the future, but libraries are lagging
[2019-12-10T17:33:07.923Z]	<Orie>	... doubt we can move or the next 6 months
[2019-12-10T17:33:12.400Z]	<Orie>	... suggest we close
[2019-12-10T17:33:21.114Z]	<Orie>	Kim: we may archive it
[2019-12-10T17:33:37.363Z]	<Orie>	Kim: thats it for action items progress
[2019-12-10T17:33:49.109Z]	<kimhd_>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vjrvwmvHOYmJd_Dqwk_TfGjKLTiTe9fzX9J4QqCUcf0/edit#
[2019-12-10T17:33:55.220Z]	<Orie>	Topic: Verifiable Credentials for Education Task Force
[2019-12-10T17:34:23.932Z]	<Orie>	Kim: talk about what it is, lets check with Joe ad Christopher if we need the 7 day countdown
[2019-12-10T17:34:51.721Z]	<Orie>	... idea is, launch a task force within the CCG, as context, some of you may remember that we had a similar task force, and we did not make a lot of progress
[2019-12-10T17:35:00.365Z]	<kimhd_>	https://digitalcredentials.mit.edu/
[2019-12-10T17:35:03.266Z]	<Orie>	... this has been pushed forward by the ^
[2019-12-10T17:35:18.829Z]	<Orie>	... consists of 12 universitues form US, CA, Mexico...
[2019-12-10T17:35:37.302Z]	<Orie>	... idea is to help universities that are tryign to use blockchain and digital credentials
[2019-12-10T17:35:55.622Z]	<Orie>	... they notices that vendors were dominating the conversation
[2019-12-10T17:36:13.300Z]	<Orie>	... they wanted to pool resources to understand impact of digital credentials possibly blockchain
[2019-12-10T17:36:42.649Z]	<Orie>	... they wanted to be able to use their resources, students, tech teams, to build prototypes of the kinds of tools that students would need
[2019-12-10T17:36:52.954Z]	<Orie>	... idea is not that they would build a comercial product
[2019-12-10T17:37:05.800Z]	<Orie>	... they want to continue library support for existing standards
[2019-12-10T17:37:10.480Z]	<Orie>	... prototypes for interop
[2019-12-10T17:37:24.800Z]	<Orie>	... storage, did methods that integrate with exisiting university systems
[2019-12-10T17:37:35.528Z]	<Orie>	... those efforts have been ongoing, announced a year ago.
[2019-12-10T17:37:54.601Z]	<Orie>	... slow to start, last few months, there will be a white paper and planned for pilot projects
[2019-12-10T17:38:07.512Z]	<Orie>	... white paper discussed requirements and principles, and the use of DIDs and VCs
[2019-12-10T17:38:29.040Z]	<Orie>	... specifically, the difficulties of realizing this ecosystem in the educational space
[2019-12-10T17:38:41.160Z]	<Orie>	... microcredentials, things like that...
[2019-12-10T17:39:11.906Z]	<Orie>	... there are interesting concerns that come up with Academic VCs, what happens if the student needs to reclaim...
[2019-12-10T17:39:28.334Z]	<Orie>	... what are best practices for student privacy, legal issues, etc....
[2019-12-10T17:39:45.067Z]	<Orie>	... during our discussion, because of GDPR, things are complicated...
[2019-12-10T17:40:05.925Z]	<Orie>	... GDPR promotes privacy by design, we decided to focus on it as the start for privacy...
[2019-12-10T17:40:21.913Z]	<Orie>	... we are woking to figure out how to deploy these things and uni's
[2019-12-10T17:40:40.546Z]	<Orie>	... we need to discuss, how to make this work with more than just 12 universities
[2019-12-10T17:41:03.546Z]	<kimhd_>	voip: noise?
[2019-12-10T17:41:06.400Z]	<Orie>	... we want to align with the other ongoing efforts for promoting learner sovereignty
[2019-12-10T17:41:13.885Z]	<manu>	q+ to ask how the project differs from the previous OpenBadges work... work IMS Global is doing... where is the center of gravity here?
[2019-12-10T17:41:20.602Z]	<manu>	voip: mute 1e6
[2019-12-10T17:41:25.973Z]	<manu>	voip: mute 1f6
[2019-12-10T17:41:48.749Z]	<Orie>	Kim: not just limited to production, how are they used, what will consume them, how do we work with comercial partners
[2019-12-10T17:42:09.443Z]	<Orie>	... many data standards won't comprehend VCs and may include PII
[2019-12-10T17:42:15.860Z]	<Orie>	... DIDs are a new concept
[2019-12-10T17:42:30.964Z]	<Orie>	... many assume the VC is hosted by the issuer or a trusted 3rd party...
[2019-12-10T17:43:00.580Z]	<Orie>	... assumptions start to pollute the data model, and we need to resolve through discussion with education inst. and comercial partners
[2019-12-10T17:43:02.201Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	voip: unmute 1e6
[2019-12-10T17:43:08.380Z]	<Orie>	... work ongoing at T3
[2019-12-10T17:43:30.326Z]	<Orie>	... we wanted to focus on the questions that are specific to the VC ecosystem
[2019-12-10T17:43:46.740Z]	<Orie>	... How do we use terms of use? to prevent resharing
[2019-12-10T17:44:22.772Z]	<Orie>	Kim: we don't want to reinvent, we want to think through the migration to a VC data model
[2019-12-10T17:44:35.845Z]	<Orie>	... from data format concerns with XML....
[2019-12-10T17:44:43.992Z]	<Orie>	... should we express VCs in XML?
[2019-12-10T17:45:08.642Z]	<Orie>	... there have been lots of work with OpenBadges
[2019-12-10T17:45:24.834Z]	<Orie>	... other concerns, how do we avoid segmentation
[2019-12-10T17:45:36.322Z]	<ottonomy>	(The Europass Digital Credentials Infrastructure project has chosen a VC + XML approach)
[2019-12-10T17:45:57.482Z]	<Orie>	... there will be variations, people should not need to reinvent
[2019-12-10T17:46:17.344Z]	<Orie>	... leaner as an alternative to subject in terminology
[2019-12-10T17:46:39.480Z]	<Orie>	... consider lifecycle, recovery,
[2019-12-10T17:47:08.985Z]	<Orie>	... options for universities to recognize or reissue from universities that may disapear
[2019-12-10T17:47:15.280Z]	<Orie>	... deliverables...
[2019-12-10T17:47:32.840Z]	<Orie>	... use cases  are standard
[2019-12-10T17:47:51.208Z]	<Orie>	... credentials capturing professional development, diplomas and transcripts
[2019-12-10T17:48:04.121Z]	<Orie>	... other credentials are not out of scope, but we are seeking alignment
[2019-12-10T17:48:18.980Z]	<Orie>	... around common points, like diplomas
[2019-12-10T17:48:42.794Z]	<Orie>	... we call out relationships to external groups: W3C CCG, W3C DID....
[2019-12-10T17:48:59.983Z]	<Orie>	... we need a way to ask for clarifications...
[2019-12-10T17:49:14.088Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2019-12-10T17:49:15.724Z]	<Orie>	... we don't want to reinvent, we will rely on industry expert partners
[2019-12-10T17:49:37.089Z]	<Orie>	... we need to discover existing credential schemas, or understand why they don't work
[2019-12-10T17:49:55.981Z]	<Orie>	... learner, worker, military ecosystem under discussion by T3
[2019-12-10T17:50:14.070Z]	<kimhd_>	q?
[2019-12-10T17:50:16.039Z]	<Orie>	... for Co Chairs: we have Kim from MIT and James from McMaster
[2019-12-10T17:50:16.127Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2019-12-10T17:50:18.685Z]	<chriswinc>	q+
[2019-12-10T17:50:19.680Z]	<kimhd_>	ack manu
[2019-12-10T17:50:29.251Z]	<ottonomy>	q+
[2019-12-10T17:51:00.985Z]	<Orie>	Manu: thanks kim, the task force writeup is excellent.... there has been an explosion about learner records, credentials, US gov interests...
[2019-12-10T17:51:03.647Z]	<drummond>	The "explosion" is a natural consequence of the Verifiable Credentials Data Model spec going to 1.0.
[2019-12-10T17:51:06.750Z]	<Orie>	... where is the center of mass?
[2019-12-10T17:51:30.081Z]	<Orie>	... deliverables seem concrete, professional dev, diplomas, transcripts
[2019-12-10T17:51:41.500Z]	<Orie>	... wondering how the community can help with it?
[2019-12-10T17:51:56.453Z]	<Orie>	... I don't see where some things fit in...
[2019-12-10T17:52:08.684Z]	<Orie>	... what is the focus?
[2019-12-10T17:52:28.100Z]	<Orie>	Kim: There are a few specific things, related to IPR
[2019-12-10T17:52:40.125Z]	<Orie>	... T3 innovation network seems to be the center of mass
[2019-12-10T17:52:47.988Z]	<Orie>	... we see industry partners joining there
[2019-12-10T17:52:58.380Z]	<Orie>	... when it comes to moving standards forward, IPR comes up
[2019-12-10T17:53:24.213Z]	<Orie>	... the task force is not a standards body, we want to have the converstations that go into drafts be protected.
[2019-12-10T17:53:40.541Z]	<Orie>	... stay tuned for greg to produce a map / graph of how things relate to eachother
[2019-12-10T17:53:48.925Z]	<Orie>	... I am involved in all of them...
[2019-12-10T17:53:54.254Z]	<ottonomy>	(When my spot on the queue comes up I can address non-IPR aspects of the "center of mass" question. There are other efforts reaching varying stages of maturity that have strongly affected the recent uptick in hype in the educational use cases besides VC 1.0)
[2019-12-10T17:54:05.362Z]	<Orie>	... we have been disucssing, there are fuzy edges
[2019-12-10T17:54:19.354Z]	<Orie>	... there are IEEE, and <inaudiable>
[2019-12-10T17:54:33.747Z]	<Orie>	... we are keen to not reinvent things
[2019-12-10T17:54:46.662Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-12-10T17:54:51.723Z]	<Orie>	... we plan to offload as much as possible to standards bodies
[2019-12-10T17:55:15.062Z]	<Orie>	... we will release guidance for IMS Global
[2019-12-10T17:55:40.719Z]	<Orie>	... there are impacts regarding verification that will take time to understand the impact to existing ecosystems
[2019-12-10T17:56:03.002Z]	<Orie>	... For all of us in the space, its very muddy, we need a map of group activity and deliverables
[2019-12-10T17:56:12.706Z]	<Orie>	... we want to find the best place to do the right work
[2019-12-10T17:56:17.838Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+
[2019-12-10T17:56:24.762Z]	<kimhd_>	ack agropper
[2019-12-10T17:56:34.828Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q-
[2019-12-10T17:56:56.506Z]	<Orie>	Adrian: Im interested in healthcare, should I wait for ed vertical to formalize before i advocate healthcare group?
[2019-12-10T17:57:12.401Z]	<manu>	q+ to speak to healthcare education credentials and common design patterns.
[2019-12-10T17:57:25.780Z]	<Orie>	Kim: Manu please respond... regarding other verticals, such as gov records
[2019-12-10T17:57:26.094Z]	<kimhd_>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-12-10T17:57:41.750Z]	<Orie>	Joe: All members of task force with join CCG and sign CLA?
[2019-12-10T17:57:58.927Z]	<Orie>	... unless something comes up that requries further discussion / objection
[2019-12-10T17:58:08.338Z]	<Orie>	... we do not need 7 days, we can approve the task force
[2019-12-10T17:58:08.940Z]	<kimhd_>	ack chriswinc
[2019-12-10T17:58:10.610Z]	<drummond>	+1 to approving on this call
[2019-12-10T17:58:12.984Z]	<manu>	q+ to specify that certain federal govt. wants us to work in W3C as well... work forthcoming.
[2019-12-10T17:58:18.580Z]	<Orie>	Chris: echoing support for the task force
[2019-12-10T17:58:21.770Z]	<manu>	+1 in favor of this task force.
[2019-12-10T17:58:24.989Z]	<Orie>	... I would like to be part of that
[2019-12-10T17:58:35.619Z]	<Orie>	... also appreciate greg, if you are putting that map together
[2019-12-10T17:58:58.206Z]	<Orie>	... I think its important to reach our to the groups that are doing this work, we can get help from data exchange side
[2019-12-10T17:59:14.002Z]	<kimhd_>	ack ottonomy
[2019-12-10T17:59:31.199Z]	<Orie>	ottonomy: I have been involved, can shed some light on center of mass
[2019-12-10T17:59:35.233Z]	<Orie>	... there are pools of mass
[2019-12-10T17:59:48.519Z]	<Orie>	... we can shine light on a single end to end use case
[2019-12-10T18:00:07.893Z]	<Orie>	... we can identify a purpose, set of technologies to serve that use case
[2019-12-10T18:00:13.352Z]	<Orie>	... its important to get end to end
[2019-12-10T18:00:22.722Z]	<burn>	Educational use case was one of the primary ones targeted in the original VCWG charter, so good to see this run to broad support and deployment
[2019-12-10T18:00:24.899Z]	<Orie>	... we need to uncover real world value and address it
[2019-12-10T18:00:49.910Z]	<Orie>	... excited to get started, we have this cluster of tech, VC Data Model, OpenBades, DIDs, etc...
[2019-12-10T18:01:05.702Z]	<Orie>	... we can show a path through these
[2019-12-10T18:01:16.120Z]	<chriswinc>	Helping Orie out with notes because the names are difficult. Please include ARUUC, AACRAO, and the Gronigen Declaration Network in the conversation.
[2019-12-10T18:01:44.291Z]	<Orie>	... we ca help explain how conversation and compatability wors
[2019-12-10T18:02:04.154Z]	<Orie>	... we have partners ready to go to production that do millions of creds per year
[2019-12-10T18:02:14.839Z]	<kimhd_>	ack drummond
[2019-12-10T18:02:55.909Z]	<Orie>	Drummond: Task force sounds good. Lots of interest exists. Several folks Evernym can recommend. There is an explosion because we have VC Data Model 1.0!
[2019-12-10T18:03:01.512Z]	<Orie>	... excited congrats
[2019-12-10T18:03:33.906Z]	<Orie>	Manu: There are other verticals interested, federal governments interested in doing work here
[2019-12-10T18:03:50.121Z]	<Orie>	... we are seeing education space vertical
[2019-12-10T18:04:07.873Z]	<Orie>	... we will see US, CA federal similar veritical work in groups
[2019-12-10T18:04:24.058Z]	<Orie>	... some overlap exists between healthcare and education use cases
[2019-12-10T18:04:27.919Z]	<Orie>	Kim: thanks all
[2019-12-10T18:04:53.809Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2019-12-10T18:05:00.790Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 1e6
[2019-12-10T18:05:07.938Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 1fa
[2019-12-10T18:05:09.150Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 1fe
[2019-12-10T18:05:14.645Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 1f5
