[Tue 12:06:24] <manu>	scribe: adam
[Tue 12:06:24] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Jul/0020.html
[Tue 12:06:56] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to Lionel Walberger
[Tue 12:06:59] <adam>	kimhd: agenda: introductions then DID spec updates and BTCR hackathon
[Tue 12:07:15] <Drummond>	Lionel, good to have you here
[Tue 12:07:47] *	amigus has quit ("Bye")
[Tue 12:07:51] <adam>	LionelWolberger: Hi, I'm Lionel and have been an Engineering Manager at Cisco for over 20 years, I participate in IIW, involved with meeco, connected with Christopher recently and found out about the VCCG. He enjoys scribing!
[Tue 12:08:01] *	amigus (~Adam@public.cloak) has joined #VCTF
[Tue 12:08:04] *	manu enjoy scribing? ... so what you're saying is that you're a masochist. :P
[Tue 12:08:04] <voip-vctf>	15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000247] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:08:28] <kimhd>	Topic: Action Items
[Tue 12:08:28] <kimhd>	https://goo.gl/forms/z6t2IHQbK8ltRkXm2
[Tue 12:08:42] *	DavidC (~DavidC@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:08:52] <kimhd>	poll ^^
[Tue 12:08:59] <kimhd>	Current results: https://goo.gl/XFxqFH
[Tue 12:09:00] <adam>	kimhd: topic, naming options. We have a poll. Do we want to keep the same name or change the name to something with term "Self Sovereign"?
[Tue 12:09:02] <manu>	voip: 247 is DavidChadwick
[Tue 12:09:02] <voip-vctf>	Associated DavidChadwick with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000247.
[Tue 12:10:29] <ChristopherA>	It is only 9 respondents yet, from 146 members.
[Tue 12:11:03] <adam>	kimhd: A name with "Self Sovereign Identity" is in the lead. Question--do we have administrative complications if we rename the group? We tend to have high tolerance to said complications.
[Tue 12:11:14] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:11:14] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:11:33] *	Paul (~Paul@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:11:42] <adam>	kimhd: we still don't have a high volume of input on naming in the poll. Please participate.
[Tue 12:11:48] *	JoeAndrieu (~JoeAndrieu@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:11:49] <Drummond>	In response to one comment I see there, I'm personally fine with not using "identity", i.e., to call it the "Self-Sovereign Technology CG"
[Tue 12:12:04] <adam>	Topic: DID Specification update
[Tue 12:12:20] <manu>	https://opencreds.github.io/did-spec/
[Tue 12:12:31] <voip-vctf>	Unknown [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000249] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:12:42] <JoeAndrieu>	voip: 249 is JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:12:42] <voip-vctf>	Associated JoeAndrieu with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000249.
[Tue 12:13:12] <Moses>	Chris, a side note: I met with the new head of blockchain initiatives at Wells Fargo (after losing Jesse Lund to IBM), and she would be willing to sponsor Boston event. I'll call you later to chat about this.
[Tue 12:13:17] <adam>	Drummond: kudos to Manu and Digital Bazaar for working on the spec. It's up on github to follow w3c format.
[Tue 12:13:28] *	manu Moses - awesome!
[Tue 12:13:55] *	kimhd yay Moses!
[Tue 12:15:01] <adam>	Drummond: we were at DHS's Cyber Security Showcase where we presented on the spec. We also had a spirited discussion There are still open issues that we need to discuss.
[Tue 12:15:24] <manu>	Latest DID 1.0 spec: https://opencreds.github.io/did-spec/
[Tue 12:16:38] <manu>	https://github.com/opencreds/did-spec/issues/
[Tue 12:17:09] <adam>	manu: agree with Drummond on everything, +1. Digital Bazaar, Evernym, and others are wanting to implement the spec. All of the issues we ran into are noted in the spec.
[Tue 12:17:24] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:17:24] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:17:37] <adam>	manu: if you have an issue with the DID spec or the DID method spec please raise issues so we can start tacking them.
[Tue 12:18:22] <Drummond>	In addition to Digital Bazaar, the SOV method folks, the BTCR method folks, and the uPort method folks, the Decentralized Identity Foundation is holding a hackathon next week focused on a community resolver for DIDs.
[Tue 12:18:28] <adam>	manu: the major issue that came up is that there are concerns around the use of keys, proofs, ambient authority, how you do guardianship, how you list the proof of control keys...
[Tue 12:18:44] <Drummond>	So there is a lot of implementation activity going on right now.
[Tue 12:19:09] <kimhd>	q+ some questions for Manu
[Tue 12:19:09] <voip-vctf>	kimhd has been added to the queue: kimhd
[Tue 12:19:12] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 12:19:13] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: kimhd, ChristopherA
[Tue 12:19:15] <adam>	manu: some of these discussions are easy, but the guardian discussion may be more involved. Hopefully we can move the spec forward over the next couple of months.
[Tue 12:19:24] <Moses>	I convinced the WF VP that identity, trust and reputation in the blockchain era should be of great interest to a bank, and is something that won't lead to price erosion for financial services or cannibalization of their revenue model. Our model of "3rd generation blockchain" reverberated with her - she mentioned that none of the expensive market research reports she's bought have discussed this emerging technology arena.
[Tue 12:19:27] <kimhd>	q-
[Tue 12:19:27] <voip-vctf>	kimhd has been removed from the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 12:19:46] <Drummond>	q+
[Tue 12:19:46] <voip-vctf>	Drummond has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, Drummond
[Tue 12:19:58] <Jan_Camenisch>	q+
[Tue 12:19:58] <voip-vctf>	Jan_Camenisch has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, Drummond, Jan_Camenisch
[Tue 12:20:03] <adam>	kimhd: questions about the DID spec and the issues added. Should we talk about any of those issues now?
[Tue 12:20:42] <DavidC>	q+
[Tue 12:20:42] <voip-vctf>	DavidC has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, Drummond, Jan_Camenisch, DavidC
[Tue 12:21:00] <adam>	manu: there is a question around delegation and how it's done. It's too big a discussion for right now. Maybe we can address it at RWOT in October.
[Tue 12:21:29] <ChristopherA>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Jul/0018.html
[Tue 12:21:32] <kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 12:21:32] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 12:21:50] <ChristopherA>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Jul/0021.html
[Tue 12:22:35] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:22:35] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: Drummond, Jan_Camenisch, DavidC
[Tue 12:24:34] <voip-vctf>	972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000024a] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:24:46] <adam>	ChristopherA: I summarized my observations from the hackathon via email. The main things are proofs vs keys. Sometimes when we are talking about keys we shouldn't be. The spec as a whole may be to big in scope. We may want to break it up. There is a convention in IETF that a spec can't be final until there are multiple implementations of it. We have a Digital Bazaar, Sovrin, Uport, and other implementations...
[Tue 12:25:32] <kimhd>	ack Drummond
[Tue 12:25:32] <voip-vctf>	Drummond has the floor.
[Tue 12:26:34] *	Paul has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:26:37] <ChristopherA>	Who else is implementing DIDs
[Tue 12:26:45] <adam>	Drummond: the session with Manu and Dave opened my eyes to some questions around the spec. It's unsurprising that there are questions about the spec as we dive deeper. To make progress at the rate we want should we aim for a new draft by RWOT and add a weekly meeting about the spec.
[Tue 12:27:02] <manu>	Yes, it can be any URI (any cryptographic object)
[Tue 12:27:03] <ChristopherA>	jan, that is my point about proofs vs claims
[Tue 12:27:23] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:27:23] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: Jan_Camenisch, DavidC
[Tue 12:27:32] <kimhd>	ack Jan_Camenisch
[Tue 12:27:32] <voip-vctf>	Jan_Camenisch has the floor.
[Tue 12:27:37] <Drummond>	I put a list above, but right now the list I have is: BTCR method, uPort method, SOV method, Veres method
[Tue 12:27:41] <adam>	Manu: pseudonyms are supported by the spec
[Tue 12:27:54] <Drummond>	I don't know if the Consent Global team is still working on a separate method for Ethereum
[Tue 12:28:23] *	Abbas (~Abbas@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:28:32] <Drummond>	Many, what is "Veres One"?
[Tue 12:28:48] <manu>	DB's customer ledger for doing DIDs/DDOs
[Tue 12:28:50] <kimhd>	ack DavidC
[Tue 12:28:50] <voip-vctf>	DavidC has the floor.
[Tue 12:29:23] <manu>	+1, delegation very important
[Tue 12:29:29] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:29:29] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:29:29] <Drummond>	+1 to delegation being supported
[Tue 12:29:32] <adam>	DavidC: question about delegation. Any scalable solution will need delegation. We don't want to shelf delegation.
[Tue 12:29:35] <manu>	q+
[Tue 12:29:36] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:29:45] <manu>	q+ to say we'd object to delegation being out of scope.
[Tue 12:29:45] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, manu
[Tue 12:29:49] <manu>	q- manu
[Tue 12:29:49] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue: manu
[Tue 12:29:49] <manu>	q- manu
[Tue 12:29:50] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 12:29:52] <manu>	q+ to say we'd object to delegation being out of scope.
[Tue 12:29:52] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:30:17] <Drummond>	q+ to keep delegation in scope
[Tue 12:30:17] <voip-vctf>	Drummond has been added to the queue: manu, Drummond
[Tue 12:30:26] <adam>	ChristopherA: delegation is important but we need to keep it simple at first for security purposes.
[Tue 12:30:44] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:30:44] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, Drummond
[Tue 12:30:46] <Drummond>	+1 to keep delegation support in the DID spec as simple as possible
[Tue 12:30:59] <voip-vctf>	19293291510 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000024b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:31:09] <manu>	voip: 24b is AbbasAli
[Tue 12:31:09] <voip-vctf>	Associated AbbasAli with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000024b.
[Tue 12:32:04] <adam>	ChristopherA: Solving delegation and guardianship from day one is going to be challenging. I would like to pick the low hanging fruit first.
[Tue 12:32:50] <adam>	DavidC: there are different aspects of delegation. One is the delegation of credential issuing rather than delegation involving DIDs
[Tue 12:33:32] *	manu definitely has something to say about issuer and holder/guardian delegation :)
[Tue 12:33:39] <manu>	q?
[Tue 12:33:39] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, Drummond
[Tue 12:33:49] <voip-vctf>	15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000024c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:34:02] <manu>	voip: 24c is ChristopherA
[Tue 12:34:02] <voip-vctf>	Associated ChristopherA with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000024c.
[Tue 12:34:15] <kimhd>	ack manu
[Tue 12:34:15] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to say we'd object to delegation being out of scope.).
[Tue 12:35:29] <Moses>	is there a good Mac app for participating in IRC?
[Tue 12:35:49] <Drummond>	+1 to the refugee use case - that's very high on Evernym's and Sovrin Foundation's use cases
[Tue 12:36:10] <adam>	manu: on delegation, we  have been thinking about that for a while. Issuer delegation is somewhat easier. We are interested in the holder/guardian delegation that allows say a travel agency to book a flight for them after sharing a passport credential. Or, delegation of credential to an NGO. We want to be sure we are supporting delegation in the correct way sooner than later because we don't want the result to be access control lists.
[Tue 12:36:44] <kimhd>	ack Drummond
[Tue 12:36:44] <voip-vctf>	Drummond has the floor (to keep delegation in scope).
[Tue 12:36:59] <ChristopherA>	:time check
[Tue 12:37:53] <adam>	Drummond: +1 to manu. We are talking about a cryptographic control primitive. We have customers for refugee use cases and we need to be aligned with that.
[Tue 12:38:35] <adam>	kimhd: let's discuss the need for separate DID spec meetings via the mailing list.
[Tue 12:38:42] <adam>	kimhd:
[Tue 12:39:30] <Drummond>	+1 to a discussion or a poll on the mailing list about dedicated calls on DID spec issues, at least between now and the next Rebooting the Web of Trust meeting in October
[Tue 12:39:33] *	kimhd be very careful using that node app :)
[Tue 12:40:11] <adam>	ChristopherA: There is a node based app that allows you to create a Self Sovereign ID on bitcoin. I suggest you try this out soon. It's good to have something real and not just specs.
[Tue 12:40:21] <JoeAndrieu>	do you have a link for the node app?
[Tue 12:40:45] *	manu cycles the node app down a long runway, launches into the air, does a 360, and explodes. :)
[Tue 12:41:04] <adam>	ChristopherA: data minimization is required by law in the US and in the EU but it's not well defined.
[Tue 12:41:06] *	manu not good with following directions.
[Tue 12:41:11] <ChristopherA>	https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B8UHtBOakwo8cDg1M3JjRDBqUmM
[Tue 12:41:57] <adam>	Topic: Cryptography for Anonymous Credentials
[Tue 12:42:02] <Moses>	Question: About delegation, what would be a use case for delegation for ICOs? Would someone delegate to their broker dealer? I ask because I am personally very motivated by the refugee use case, but I think if we include a use case that has great value to the market directly, it would speed up adoption.
[Tue 12:42:53] <manu>	Moses, uses for delegation is any time you want someone else to act on your behalf using your credential. So yes, delegate to broker dealer to execute contracts on your behalf.
[Tue 12:43:10] <kimhd>	BTCR tools following...
[Tue 12:43:12] <kimhd>	BTRC DID creation: https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/btcr-did-tools-js
[Tue 12:43:50] <kimhd>	BTCR DID/DDO playground (in progress) https://weboftrustinfo.github.io/btcr-tx-playground.github.io/
[Tue 12:44:27] <kimhd>	source for everything (including utilities used by playground) is in WebOfTrustInfo github repo
[Tue 12:47:10] <adam>	Jan_Camenisch: see presentation here https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B8UHtBOakwo8cDg1M3JjRDBqUmM/view
[Tue 12:47:28] <Moses>	Thanks Manu, I'll call you after your deadline to discuss this as a proof of concept for our ICO. Also, I'm in DC for an NSF panel on 9/13 and would love to meet for a coffee or something.
[Tue 12:52:37] <Moses>	Kim is there a hackathon call after this?
[Tue 12:52:38] <adam>	ChristopherA: this is a joint meeting between the Verifiable Claims group and the data verification community. I am not sure the credentials groups is quite able to handle the deep discussion on cryptography. There are a lot of powerful technologies that we want to leverage.
[Tue 12:53:31] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:53:31] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:54:20] <manu>	q+ to ask what he'd like to see -- verifiable claims w/ pseudonymous signatures... 
[Tue 12:54:20] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:54:22] <nage>	for the notes, Hyperledger Indy is working on this approach for Verifiable Claims here https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-sdk and here https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-anoncreds
[Tue 12:54:24] <kimhd>	q+ I'm interested
[Tue 12:54:24] <voip-vctf>	kimhd has been added to the queue: manu, kimhd
[Tue 12:54:37] <adam>	ChristopherA: question, how are we going to move forward--how many people in the group are willing to dive deep into cryptography? Do we want another group for this?
[Tue 12:56:01] <kimhd>	ack Manu
[Tue 12:56:01] <voip-vctf>	Manu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:56:04] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:56:04] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, kimhd
[Tue 12:56:10] <kimhd>	ack manu
[Tue 12:56:10] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to ask what he'd like to see -- verifiable claims w/ pseudonymous signatures...).
[Tue 12:56:20] <adam>	manu: Digital Bazaar is less interested in the deep down details and more interested in how we deploy these technologies to customers. We want to know how we can issue and verify claims in a pseudonymous way. The deep crypto is useful but maybe not to this meeting slot.
[Tue 12:56:42] <adam>	manu: we don't need to follow W3C process for community groups. It's flexible.
[Tue 12:56:53] <Moses>	By the way, everyone, I'm releasing a new blockchain book at the end of the month. I'd be happy to give a copy to everyone on this call. Find out more here: http://blockchaindesignsprint.strikingly.com/ or email me at moses@ngenven.com. Thanks and see you next week!
[Tue 12:57:40] <manu>	+1 to move it to be a task force.
[Tue 12:57:59] <adam>	ChristopherA: I am kind of hearing as a proposal that data verification be moved to a task force for this community rather than it's own group. Does that make sense?
[Tue 12:58:08] <adam>	manu: absolutely.
[Tue 12:58:34] <manu>	q+ to note the difference, kim is right, but DVCG is a separate group atm.
[Tue 12:58:34] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: kimhd, manu
[Tue 12:58:49] <adam>	kimhd: I am not sure how this is different that how we currently have work items set up.
[Tue 12:58:54] <kimhd>	q-
[Tue 12:58:55] <voip-vctf>	kimhd has been removed from the queue: manu
[Tue 12:59:15] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 12:59:15] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: manu, ChristopherA
[Tue 12:59:28] <adam>	manu: Kim you are right, this is no different than the other work items. Although the Digital Verification Group is already a different group. Maybe we should merge groups.
[Tue 12:59:31] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 12:59:32] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note the difference, kim is right, but DVCG is a separate group atm.).
[Tue 12:59:45] *	agropper has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 13:00:34] *	manu might push back on some of what ChristopherA just said :)
[Tue 13:00:46] <adam>	ChristopherA: I concur that that is the proposal. It could be that the difference between a work item and a task force is that a task force has the potential of becoming a working group.
[Tue 13:01:07] *	manu would rather we work on a bunch of stuff and see what's ready to push into a WG... it becomes obvious in time.
[Tue 13:01:19] <adam>	ChristopherA: as some point there may be a DID task force that becomes a working group, for instance.
[Tue 13:01:20] <Jan_Camenisch>	q+
[Tue 13:01:20] <voip-vctf>	Jan_Camenisch has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, Jan_Camenisch
[Tue 13:01:29] <ChristopherA>	q-
[Tue 13:01:29] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been removed from the queue: Jan_Camenisch
[Tue 13:02:38] <adam>	manu: I'd push back on some of that. Typically in CG's you do work until it becomes obvious that it needs it's own group. I suggest we stay away from thinking about how the group will ultimately be split down the road. We should stay more informal at this stage.
[Tue 13:02:39] <voip-vctf>	LionelWolberger [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000231] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:03:25] <voip-vctf>	972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000024e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 13:03:33] <voip-vctf>	Unknown [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000233] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:03:44] <manu>	q+ to agree w/ Jan - the CL signatures stuff is something I'd expect to push down the standardization track.
[Tue 13:03:44] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: Jan_Camenisch, manu
[Tue 13:03:48] <adam>	Jan_Camenisch: we need to define the algorithms sooner than later.
[Tue 13:03:50] <manu>	ack Jan_Camenisch 
[Tue 13:03:50] <voip-vctf>	Jan_Camenisch has the floor.
[Tue 13:03:54] *	JoeAndrieu has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 13:04:01] <ChristopherA>	Here is a start toward a CL sig spec https://w3c-dvcg.github.io/lds-pseudonymous2016/
[Tue 13:04:06] *	Abbas has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 13:04:32] <adam>	kimhd: I would like to stick with prototyping for now and not get bogged down by fragmentation.
[Tue 13:05:17] <adam>	manu: agree with Kim and Jan. We want to do international standardization around pseudonymous signatures.
[Tue 13:05:36] *	manu has to run!
[Tue 13:05:39] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 13:05:39] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: manu, ChristopherA
[Tue 13:05:47] *	manu thanks all for all the great work and discussion!
[Tue 13:05:48] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 13:05:48] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to agree w/ Jan - the CL signatures stuff is something I'd expect to push down the standardization track.).
[Tue 13:05:49] <adam>	kimhd: can the people working on Data Minimization get together on how to start that work?
[Tue 13:05:57] <voip-vctf>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000023a] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:06:11] <adam>	kimhd: we'll get into more of the work item topics next week.
[Tue 13:07:53] <adam>	ChristopherA: When I am talking about data minimization I am not talking about selective disclosure--although it informs selective disclosure. Data minimization is more primitive than selective disclose. What do you all want to discuss next week?
[Tue 13:08:21] <Jan_Camenisch>	.. I won't be able to join the next 3 weeks - vacation and travelling
[Tue 13:10:12] <adam>	ChristopherA: we have a topic for two weeks from now. We don't have a specific topic for next week.
[Tue 13:10:16] <adam>	kimhd: We can decide on a topic for next week on a thread.
[Tue 13:12:06] <adam>	moses: should I have Wells Fargo contact you about sponsoring RWOT?
[Tue 13:12:21] <adam>	meeting adjourned
[Tue 13:12:21] <manu>	Present+ Camenisch, mariad, ChristopherA, agropper, kimhd, amigus, Moses, Drummond, Chadwick, Andrieu, Ali, lehn, lake, nage
