[Tue 12:04:14] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Jun/0058.html
[Tue 12:04:16] *	manu scribe?
[Tue 12:04:24] <manu>	Topic: Introductions
[Tue 12:04:35] <voip-vctf>	tensor5 [SIP/sip.voipcheap.com-00000098] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:04:51] *	dlongley who's here?
[Tue 12:04:58] <voip-vctf>	12066188530 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000099] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:05:32] *	Drummond (~Drummond@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:05:33] <manu>	scribe: manu
[Tue 12:06:01] <manu>	Frederico: Hi, co-founder of BigChainDB - self-sovereign distributed identity system, we've been participating in Rebooting Web of Trust. I'm interested in Verifiable Claims.
[Tue 12:06:04] <voip-vctf>	18057058651 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009a] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:06:21] *	SeanBohan_Evernym (~SeanBohan_Evernym@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:06:30] <voip-vctf>	Associated Drummond Reed with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000099.
[Tue 12:06:31] <Drummond>	+1 to "reintroductions"
[Tue 12:07:09] <Drummond>	thanks Dave. Man, I need a cheat sheet to W3C IRC commands. Do you know of one?
[Tue 12:07:21] <manu>	Bohan: Hi, Sean Bohan, product manager for consumer platforms at Evernym, also running Community at Sovrin, also migrating code base to Hyperledger Indy. Working on Project VRM, attendee at IIW over the years. I'm helping to define consumer products based on technology that Evernym is creating. 
[Tue 12:07:24] *	dlongley yeah, Me!
[Tue 12:07:30] *	harlan (~harlan@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:07:35] *	dlongley sorry, not really :)
[Tue 12:07:53] <manu>	Topic: Agenda Review
[Tue 12:08:07] *	dlongley too much tribal knowledge... needs to get written down somewhere sometime :)
[Tue 12:08:08] <manu>	KimHD: We're going to cover the agenda here - https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Jun/0058.html
[Tue 12:08:14] *	Drummond Dave, I'm happy to use you for guidance if you're up for it
[Tue 12:08:42] <manu>	KimHD: We're going to be mostly covering Decentralized Identifiers, RDF dataset canonicalization, and Reputation Systems - Best Practices & Evaluation
[Tue 12:08:47] <manu>	Topic: Action Items
[Tue 12:09:06] <manu>	Kim is working on Poll for priorities on work items, ~3 weeks snapshot poll results for prioritization - [IN PROGRESS]
[Tue 12:09:23] <manu>	Kim working on naming goals, constraints, pitfalls first draft [DONE] - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1H5tO0IRawIHzVnRP2sTbdBA-PUkWgSdcydx2ru2fPHg/edit?usp=sharing
[Tue 12:09:41] <manu>	KimHD: We don't have a lot to discuss on this item this week, still discussion is ongoing on mailing list.
[Tue 12:10:04] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, still in progress, failed miserably on making progress ... Dan and I just need to get on a call and find the magic button.
[Tue 12:10:13] <manu>	Manu to get new chairs privileges on the W3C site and remove old chairs... failing miserably at making progress on that one.
[Tue 12:10:28] <voip-vctf>	18057058651 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:10:31] <manu>	ChristopherA: First draft of CG Mission Statement for review - DUE JUNE 13th [ON HOLD Re: NAME & MISSION] - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kxm6yGnGAVgNTLMYft_cz2zW3c1AE8uSCy4i5A6OhG8/edit?usp=sharing
[Tue 12:11:02] <manu>	ChristopherA: Trying to recruit more cryptographers and security reviewers - very valuable contributors, we should ask them about the merger of the two groups. We'll see how that goes.
[Tue 12:11:14] <manu>	Action item for everyone - Approve New Name and Mission Statement - DUE JUNE 27th
[Tue 12:11:34] *	manu has changed the topic to: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Jun/0058.html
[Tue 12:11:38] *	manu it is now! :P
[Tue 12:11:40] <kimhd>	http://w3c.github.io/vctf/meetings/2017-05-30/
[Tue 12:12:11] <manu>	Topic: Current Polls
[Tue 12:12:28] <manu>	Lifecycle of Verifiable claims is front-runner right now... 
[Tue 12:12:46] <manu>	All Verifiable Claims related topics are bubbling to the top... browser API and polyfill is floating to the top...
[Tue 12:13:19] <manu>	KimHD: Linked Data Signatures topic is up high, specific signature suites are spread out at bottom... smattering of votes here and there... Manu had mentioned that we can address those on an as-needed basis.
[Tue 12:13:45] <manu>	KimHD: Does that argue for a separate group? We don't need to discuss today - other thing that stood out, other than Verifiable Claims - data minimization and selective disclosure.
[Tue 12:13:53] <manu>	q+ to ask about questionnaire link
[Tue 12:13:53] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:14:02] <voip-vctf>	16789329012 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:14:08] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 12:14:08] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:14:16] <voip-vctf>	Unknown command: ack manu
[Tue 12:14:19] <dlongley>	ack manu
[Tue 12:14:19] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to ask about questionnaire link).
[Tue 12:14:20] <burn>	voip: 09c is DanBurnett
[Tue 12:14:20] <voip-vctf>	Associated DanBurnett with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009c.
[Tue 12:14:24] <dlongley>	manu: Where's the link to the poll?
[Tue 12:14:32] *	harlan has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:14:40] <dlongley>	manu: We haven't weighed in yet on the poll -- can it be put on IRC?
[Tue 12:14:49] <kimhd>	https://goo.gl/forms/Q0EBSIC0E5jGYyAM2
[Tue 12:14:54] *	dlongley is it one vote per organization?
[Tue 12:15:26] <dlongley>	manu: Just if we make it more than one vote per organization then it will be very easy for some of us to really tilt the poll, strongly suggest one vote per org.
[Tue 12:15:35] *	harlan (~harlan@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:15:56] <Drummond>	While I don't disagree, that adds a lot of coordination on each orgs part
[Tue 12:16:15] <manu>	Topic: Decentralized Identifiers
[Tue 12:16:23] <Drummond>	Presentation on Decentralized Identifiers (DIDs): https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2qPJBxhjfdqd3l6WUtwSFQ5dERSTm9ra3J1V1piekh0VnZ3/view?usp=sharing
[Tue 12:16:45] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 12:16:45] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 12:17:05] <dlongley>	Drummond: Can we use WebEx for presentations?
[Tue 12:17:15] <dlongley>	manu: Costs money, someone would have to fund it.
[Tue 12:17:18] <dlongley>	Drummond: Zoom?
[Tue 12:17:35] <Bohan>	Can we send all the deck and Drummond ZOOMs it for showing slides and keeps the voice here on the call
[Tue 12:17:46] <dlongley>	manu: We've tried to not rely on screen sharing or use presentation materials that have accessibility components to allow easier access.
[Tue 12:17:50] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:17:50] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA
[Tue 12:17:51] <burn>	yes, even in the WG we don't rely on the screenshare functionality
[Tue 12:18:14] <dlongley>	Drummond: Being able to see something in real time as long as you send a copy to the main list and do whatever is necessary is useful.

[Tue 12:18:43] *	manu Drummond - we use WebRTC for stuff like this - join.me
[Tue 12:18:58] <Drummond>	Join.me is also good
[Tue 12:19:06] <dlongley>	Christopher: I have no problem with one of the presentation viewers as an additional link. Makes it easier for someone to walk through. Don't want to see that for general group purposes though, prefer to stay with the tools/IRC/logs, getting a lot of benefits out of being able to massage logs, great recordings, various tools, etc.
[Tue 12:19:25] <dlongley>	Christopher: We'll just follow along if you give us a link for the slides.
[Tue 12:19:55] <manu>	Drummond: This is a presentation I give when folks need to come up to speed w/ DIDs and DDOs.
[Tue 12:20:00] <kimhd>	To be explicit, slides are here: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2qPJBxhjfdqd3l6WUtwSFQ5dERSTm9ra3J1V1piekh0VnZ3/view?usp=sharing
[Tue 12:20:38] <manu>	Drummond: A shout out to Anil John and DHS S&T Directorate - excellent work they're doing in promoting identity/data privacy, they've contributed substantially to DID and DDO work.
[Tue 12:20:48] <manu>	Drummond: What is a DID?
[Tue 12:21:23] <dlongley>	manu: This group created that term "DID", it percolated from the Web Payments Community Group and when it came into this group, 2-3 years ago it got a name and explanation.
[Tue 12:21:33] <dlongley>	Drummond: Very cool, first time I saw it was in a CG spec.
[Tue 12:21:35] <ChristopherA>	The blockchain aspects where at #RebootingWebOfTrust
[Tue 12:21:36] <dlongley>	manu: The WebDHT spec, yes.
[Tue 12:21:48] <dlongley>	manu: We're finding that blockchains are a better solution than WebDHT at this point.
[Tue 12:22:35] <manu>	ChristopherA: Original DIDs were a unique identifier, but not Blockchain-based... worked on it a bit at Oasis.
[Tue 12:22:56] <manu>	Drummond: We proposed to DHS that DIDs were the key thing - Blockchain were key to distributed identity.
[Tue 12:23:10] <manu>	Drummond: Why DLTs for decentralization? I probably don't need to go into this much here...
[Tue 12:23:48] <manu>	Drummond: To make the point clear, for digital identity, a distributed ledger can solve the "root of trust" problem - a global source of identity that everyone trusts, but isn't owned or controlled by any one company or government.
[Tue 12:24:08] <voip-vctf>	15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:24:11] <manu>	Drummond: Slide 5 - different types of blockchains - doesn't matter what the model is, DIDs can work with every type.
[Tue 12:24:36] <manu>	Drummond: Slide 7 - structure of URNs is the pattern for DIDs....
[Tue 12:24:56] <manu>	Drummond: ChristopherA helped us move toward this concept - DID syntax - slide 8 - we use the same syntax...
[Tue 12:25:20] <manu>	Drummond: This is a technically valid DID scheme name - slide 8 - did:sov:3k9dg356wdcj5gf2k9bw8kfg7a
[Tue 12:25:24] <burn>	Catching up now -- what is meant by the Permissionless/Permissioned distinction on slide 3?
[Tue 12:26:02] *	manu reminder to kimhd and ChristopherA to ask who the unidentified callers are for the minutes...
[Tue 12:26:06] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:26:06] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: kimhd [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000089], Harlan [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000008a], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-0000008c], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000090], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000091], Angus [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000008f], ChristopherA [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000092], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000094], Frederico [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000095], SeanBohan [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000096], Drummond Reed [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000099], 18057058651
[Tue 12:26:06] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009a], 18057058651 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009b], DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009c], 15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009f].
[Tue 12:26:18] <manu>	ChristopherA: We're still trying to define this in practice, what the Bitcoin method is.
[Tue 12:26:39] <manu>	Drummond: Key point is that the DID spec talks about data model.... DID Method spec defines how to work with DIDs on each ledger.
[Tue 12:27:13] <kimhd>	voip: 09f  is ChristopherA
[Tue 12:27:13] <voip-vctf>	Unknown command: 09f  is ChristopherA
[Tue 12:27:23] <kimhd>	voip: 9f is ChristopherA
[Tue 12:27:23] <voip-vctf>	Associated ChristopherA with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009f.
[Tue 12:27:37] <manu>	Drummond: Initial DID Method specs - these are the four that I'm aware of right now... 
[Tue 12:28:02] <manu>	ChristopherA: There has been discussion about PGP DIDs, presumably a PEM-version of that - won't completely conform to requirements of DID spec, but useful for cross-compatability.
[Tue 12:28:11] <burn>	q+ to ask what is meant by the Permissionless/Permissioned distinction on slide 3
[Tue 12:28:11] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, burn
[Tue 12:28:17] <manu>	ChristopherA: You can also do this for public keys, just doesn't let you rotate on a public key.
[Tue 12:28:24] <manu>	Drummond: There are more under discussion.
[Tue 12:28:47] <manu>	Drummond: The point being that you can create a method for whatever decentralized network that you want, as long as you can define the CRUD operations for DIDs and DDOs.
[Tue 12:29:22] <manu>	Drummond: 3 purposes of DID methods - you have to specify the syntax, the method-specific elements of the DDO, adn then the CRUD operations on DIDs and DDOs.
[Tue 12:29:39] <burn>	What is the DDO?
[Tue 12:29:43] <manu>	Drummond: Where "D" in CRUD is "Revoke"... CRUR being hard to specify.
[Tue 12:30:18] <manu>	Drummond: DID - DDOs are globally resolvable - want to talk about DID resolvers - DID is the key, tells resolver code which ledger to go and look it up at...
[Tue 12:31:00] <manu>	Drummond: Slide 13 - six primary elements of DDO - list of service endpoints, public key blocks, timestamp and signature blocks, etc.
[Tue 12:31:35] <manu>	ChristopherA: You may want to specify key rotation AND key recovery - important from a security point of view - key rotation is an important practice - short term keys are better than long term keys.
[Tue 12:31:58] *	dlongley anyone interested in some history ... Web Payments CG talking about DIDs in 2014: (https://web-payments.org/minutes/2014-05-28/#62)
[Tue 12:32:13] <manu>	ChristopherA: Fully conforming DID has to allow for key rotation, even if it doesn't support key recovery. Some of this stuff is also defined by the method - may not have to do with DID object... 
[Tue 12:32:17] <dlongley>	anyone interested in some history ... Web Payments CG talking about DIDs in 2014: (https://web-payments.org/minutes/2014-05-28/#62)
[Tue 12:32:55] <manu>	Drummond: Slide 15-17 - sample DDO object, split across 3 screens... folks can take a look at the slides, just an illustration of these points.
[Tue 12:33:23] <manu>	Drummond: We need to talk about ultimate context declaration - where is the DID spec going to live in the longer term...
[Tue 12:33:41] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:33:41] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA, burn
[Tue 12:33:50] <manu>	Drummond: Owner is the block - owner block is for public keys - key descriptions begin w/ ID - if you look at that field - it is the DID that represents the DDO, plus a fragment.
[Tue 12:34:23] <manu>	Drummond: The DID spec is very specific on fragments - the fragment MUST identify an element within the DDO. If you have a path, that can identify any end resource.
[Tue 12:34:46] <manu>	Drummond: Fragment directly on DID can uniquely identify each key in owner block - one purpose of DID spec is to establish widely supported key descriptions.
[Tue 12:35:33] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 12:35:33] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 12:35:34] <manu>	ack burn 
[Tue 12:35:34] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor (to ask what is meant by the Permissionless/Permissioned distinction on slide 3).
[Tue 12:35:46] <manu>	burn: There is a distinction between permissioned and permissionless 
[Tue 12:35:51] <manu>	burn: What is that distinction?
[Tue 12:35:58] <kimhd>	For reference, the current DID work item in our doc is "Further develop the specification into a W3C formatted Community Group specification."
[Tue 12:36:38] <kimhd>	q+
[Tue 12:36:38] <voip-vctf>	kimhd has been added to the queue: kimhd
[Tue 12:36:46] <dlongley>	it has to do with how authorization is performed on a blockchain
[Tue 12:36:47] <manu>	ChristopherA: There are public blockchains, and permissioned blockchains. it's a blockchain specific term.
[Tue 12:37:08] <manu>	ChristopherA: If you think of Hyperledger, it's private and permissioned - only parties control it. Private one.
[Tue 12:37:12] <dlongley>	a permissionless blockchain may use a proof-of-work to authorize writes to the blockchain
[Tue 12:37:24] <manu>	ChristopherA: In case of Sovrin - information is public, but people that maintain the chain is private.
[Tue 12:37:34] <dlongley>	a permissioned one may use, for example, a list of entities that may write to the chain that can be authenticated via digital signature
[Tue 12:37:42] <manu>	ChristopherA: Hyperledger Sawtooth is private, but permissionless - people can add themselves if they know abou tit.
[Tue 12:37:56] <manu>	ChristopherA: Bitcoin and Ethereum are both permissionless and public.
[Tue 12:38:40] <dlongley>	voip-vctf: connections?
[Tue 12:38:40] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: kimhd [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000089], Harlan [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000008a], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-0000008c], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000090], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000091], Angus [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000008f], ChristopherA [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000092], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000094], Frederico [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000095], SeanBohan [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000096], Drummond Reed [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000099], 18057058651
[Tue 12:38:40] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009a], 18057058651 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009b], DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009c], ChristopherA [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009f].
[Tue 12:38:45] <dlongley>	voip-vctf: mute 95
[Tue 12:38:45] <voip-vctf>	Muting Frederico [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000095].
[Tue 12:39:03] *	dlongley frederico you're temporarily muted ... jfyi, let us know if you need to speak.
[Tue 12:39:07] *	dlongley due to background noise.
[Tue 12:39:26] <manu>	KimHD: The current work item for DID is to develop spec to W3C formatted CG spec... one topic that has come up is that DIF has said it's taking up the work... how does that work with the CG.
[Tue 12:39:30] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 12:39:30] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: kimhd, ChristopherA
[Tue 12:39:35] <manu>	ack kimhd 
[Tue 12:39:35] <voip-vctf>	kimhd has the floor.
[Tue 12:39:55] <manu>	Drummond: I'm wondering if there are any other folks from DIF on the call?
[Tue 12:39:56] *	burn dlongley how did you figure that out from the connections list
[Tue 12:40:09] *	dlongley i used foreign accents
[Tue 12:40:12] <manu>	ChristopherA: I've invited a number of DIF folks to the call, but Drummond, you're the only one that's here.
[Tue 12:40:16] *	dlongley and guessed :)
[Tue 12:40:19] *	burn :)
[Tue 12:40:38] <voip-vctf>	12066188530 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a0] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:40:46] <dlongley>	voip-vctf: a0 is Drummond Reed
[Tue 12:40:46] <voip-vctf>	Associated Drummond Reed with SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a0.
[Tue 12:40:47] *	burn misses the zakim "who's making noise?"
[Tue 12:41:02] *	dlongley will have to implement that someday :)
[Tue 12:41:47] <manu>	ChristopherA: I'd like to know more about what's going on with the DIF - I thought they were focused on implementation, but now I'm hearing that they want to tackle DIDs as a spec - I want to figure out how to coordinate.
[Tue 12:42:04] <manu>	ChristopherA: There are other people here that want to move DIDs forward in this group, so that's the question.
[Tue 12:42:06] *	burn notes that zakim doesn't do that either anymore because of WebEx, but WebEx itself does
[Tue 12:42:21] <ChristopherA>	No other DIF folks here that I know of.
[Tue 12:42:30] <manu>	Drummond: Yes, that's what I was trying to figure out - what other DIF folks are here - Manu asked the question - where are the specs going to live?
[Tue 12:43:24] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 12:43:24] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, ChristopherA
[Tue 12:43:35] <manu>	Drummond: I'm on the DIF steering committee - ironically, I'm both torn and neutral on the topic. I don't want to see them as any fiefdom, that includes DIF - the work that DHS has been sponsoring is to get the work done - I'm not bringing any particular prejudice here - most of my work has been done at Oasis. I suggested in the email thread that this group and DIF sit down and have a discussion and come to a conclusion.
[Tue 12:43:36] <ChristopherA>	ack drummond
[Tue 12:43:36] <voip-vctf>	drummond isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:43:43] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:43:44] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA, ChristopherA
[Tue 12:43:48] <ChristopherA>	q-
[Tue 12:43:48] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been removed from the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 12:43:50] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:43:50] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA
[Tue 12:44:12] <manu>	Drummond: With the CG, there is a low bar to participation... W3C WGs there is a higher bar - IETF has a higher bar... I'm open to whatever can work best as long as the work can move foward and get implemented.
[Tue 12:45:33] <dlongley>	+1 for moving spec forward via W3C CG
[Tue 12:45:36] <manu>	ChristopherA: One of the advantages of a CG is that a spec that is nurtured here is not actually a formal official international standard - that's what WGs do, there is no lock in to have that spec worked on. But, it does have advantages - it's a bully pulpit - these were incubated at RWoT - we're reaching a point where we want more peer review from just Rebooting. I think this CG would be great to move CG to next level. It doesn't have that lock in, but it has rigor.
[Tue 12:45:57] <kimhd>	q+ to move to Reputation Systems (Angus can't make it next week)
[Tue 12:45:57] <voip-vctf>	kimhd has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, kimhd
[Tue 12:46:09] <manu>	ChristopherA: I don't want an implementation oriented group solely working on the spec - big believer in working code, so that side of it I want to respect, but I watn to make sure it's not purely an implementation thing.
[Tue 12:46:15] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 12:46:15] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 12:46:21] <manu>	ack kimhd 
[Tue 12:46:22] <voip-vctf>	kimhd has the floor (to move to Reputation Systems (Angus can't make it next week)).
[Tue 12:46:28] <ChristopherA>	q+ angus
[Tue 12:46:28] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: angus
[Tue 12:46:37] <ChristopherA>	q-
[Tue 12:46:37] <voip-vctf>	undefined isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:46:42] <manu>	kimHD: I know we have a lot to talk about wrt. DIF - let's think through action items and continue this next week.
[Tue 12:46:45] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:46:45] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: angus
[Tue 12:46:49] <ChristopherA>	ack angus
[Tue 12:46:49] <voip-vctf>	angus has the floor.
[Tue 12:47:02] <manu>	Topic: Reputation Systems
[Tue 12:47:47] <manu>	Angus: I'm going to review what we discussed at Rebooting Web of Trust - lot of questions on reputation and the impact of what can be developed - what we can do in decentralized context - looked at reputation - tried to define design considerations for any reputation system.
[Tue 12:48:23] <manu>	Angus: We thought about differing instances - thought of N considerations of reputation systems - we did not take a stand on best practices - but some of these are more clear than others.
[Tue 12:48:37] <harlan>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-spring2017/blob/master/event-documents/group-abstracts/DesignConsiderationsOfDecentralizedReputationSystems_Abstract.md
[Tue 12:48:45] <manu>	Angus: We wanted to lay out what these were - how they operated - something that can be used in any decentralized reputation system.
[Tue 12:48:54] <kimhd>	dlongley -- will you be able to attend/present next week or the following? I want to make sure we give you enough time
[Tue 12:49:23] <manu>	Angus: We start higher-level and then step through...
[Tue 12:49:29] *	dlongley i'm pretty sure i'll be present next week if there's not enough time left today
[Tue 12:49:30] <manu>	Angus: Context: what is the reputation value applicable to? What can be understood about an entity by seeing their reputation value(s)?
[Tue 12:50:06] <manu>	Angus: For example, good rating on Trip Advisor doesn't mean that the food is good - people that are at that restaurant like the food, what's being measured needs to be designed.
[Tue 12:50:17] <manu>	Angus: Participation: how is it defined who can and can’t participate, and who can and can’t have a reputation value assigned?
[Tue 12:50:24] <manu>	Angus: Consent: Is consent required by a user to issue claims or a reputation value against the user? Is consent required to reveal claims or a reputation value of a user?
[Tue 12:50:41] <manu>	Angus: Is consent required to reveal these claims - can you be in the system - once you're in the system, what can be done?
[Tue 12:50:55] <manu>	Angus: Confidentiality, once you're in the system, can you be discovere?
[Tue 12:51:12] <manu>	angus: Obfuscation: To meet consent requirements, how is data that calculates a reputation value obfuscated? Can it be derived or is it perfectly information concealing?
[Tue 12:51:24] <manu>	Angus: Value: How is the reputation value calculated? How are claims contributing to the reputation value normalized?
[Tue 12:51:24] <voip-vctf>	18057058651 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a1] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:51:30] <manu>	Angus: How it's generated.
[Tue 12:51:41] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 12:51:41] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 12:51:57] <manu>	Angus: Performance: How does the system manage the performance and behavior of the users? How does it manage the performance of the network for speed, reliability, and data integrity? How do users have confidence in this?
[Tue 12:52:03] <manu>	Angus: Sustainability: How does the system stay relevant over time?
[Tue 12:52:08] <manu>	Angus: Claim lifecycle: How are claims valued over time? Can they be revoked, and under what conditions?
[Tue 12:52:13] <manu>	Angus: Resilience: How does the system protect against attacks that reduce the integrity of the reputation value?
[Tue 12:52:18] <manu>	Angus: Legal: What is the legal environment in which the system sits? Are there potential violations of ‘natural’ law?
[Tue 12:52:19] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:52:19] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA
[Tue 12:52:26] <manu>	Angus: We want to develop this further into best practices...
[Tue 12:52:31] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 12:52:31] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 12:52:44] <manu>	ChristopherA: A little context here - one of the key things here - why this is valuable...
[Tue 12:52:44] <ChristopherA>	http://www.lifewithalacrity.com/2005/12/collective_choi.html
[Tue 12:53:02] <manu>	ChristopherA: I wrote about the problems with various kinds of rating systems - link to article there - rating systems are hard, reputation systems are even harder.
[Tue 12:53:06] <ChristopherA>	https://www.amazon.com/Building-Reputation-Systems-Randy-Farmer/dp/059615979X
[Tue 12:53:17] <ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust/blob/master/topics-and-advance-readings/ReputationAndTheRealWorld.md
[Tue 12:53:22] <manu>	ChristopherA: For very first RWoT - asked expert on reputation systems - wanted him to participate - he submitted the paper above.
[Tue 12:53:34] <voip-vctf>	18057058651 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a2] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:54:07] <manu>	ChristopherA: Reputation in the real world... why they're so hard and difficult to work on. Every RWoT has attempted to do work on reputation systems... a number of them haven't been able to ship their work product, it's difficult - five star rating system... other people will say "it needs to do X instead"
[Tue 12:54:17] *	kimhd thanks dlongley
[Tue 12:54:23] <manu>	ChristopherA: What I like about Angus' group - it lists a set of things where you can evaluate one reputation system against another.
[Tue 12:54:30] <voip-vctf>	18057058651 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a3] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:54:31] *	dlongley sure
[Tue 12:55:25] <manu>	ChristopherA: In any of these systems, folks want to publish reputation, and I have some real concerns about quality of that - we'll finish publishing first draft in RWoT - we want to wait, share to broader community - look through 10 things, make sure description of 10 things - we can look at these other things to compare.
[Tue 12:55:27] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:55:27] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:55:38] <manu>	q+ to ident callers.
[Tue 12:55:38] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:55:44] *	dlongley no problem :)
[Tue 12:56:24] <manu>	kimhd: We'll hear about RDF Dataset Canonicalization next week.
[Tue 12:56:36] <manu>	KimHD: We're carrying a lot of items over to next week...
[Tue 12:56:39] *	burn haha "we'll do the identity stuff at the end of the call"
[Tue 12:56:48] *	manu :)
[Tue 12:57:44] <manu>	Topic: Next Meeting
[Tue 12:57:21] <ChristopherA>	What work item reviews should we do after Dave's next week? How do we get other people to join us to help make priorities?
[Tue 12:57:44] <manu>	KimHD: We need to discuss DID spec w/ DIF, that's a continued topic of discussion.
[Tue 12:57:44] <manu>	Present+ lake, drummond, sporny, harlan, lehn, christophera, angus, frederico, bohan, andrieu, burn, kimhd
