[2018-02-13T17:04:36.585Z]	<mike-lodder>	scribe: mike-lodder
[2018-02-13T17:04:36.585Z]	<mike-lodder>	Andrieu: Give Marcus 5 minutes to talk about DID-AUTH
[2018-02-13T17:05:00.505Z]	<mike-lodder>	Andrieu: Bulk of the call will focus on Object Capabilities
[2018-02-13T17:05:23.357Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2018-02-13T17:05:48.287Z]	<mike-lodder>	Manu: Need time to discuss DID-Spec
[2018-02-13T17:06:07.081Z]	<manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Feb/0023.html
[2018-02-13T17:06:09.278Z]	<mike-lodder>	Kimhd: Please cover verifiable credentials
[2018-02-13T17:06:12.618Z]	<kimhd>	q-
[2018-02-13T17:06:54.977Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: Need to cover verifiable credentials/claims especially before the next RWoT
[2018-02-13T17:06:54.977Z]	<mike-lodder>	Topic: Announcements
[2018-02-13T17:07:13.764Z]	<Moses>	Also, has everyone seen this? https://www.forbes.com/sites/ktorpey/2018/02/12/microsoft-to-embrace-decentralized-identity-systems-built-on-bitcoin-and-other-blockchains/#3ec187195ada
[2018-02-13T17:07:20.109Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: Disc golf tournament with RWoT
[2018-02-13T17:07:45.802Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: Going to update the functional identity primer
[2018-02-13T17:08:20.528Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: want a 5 minute presentation on the primers
[2018-02-13T17:08:59.792Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: Announcement - reconciliation draft for DID-Spec before RWoT
[2018-02-13T17:09:48.869Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: some of us are trying to align ourselves on manu's code changes, will that week long stand up work for everyone else
[2018-02-13T17:09:50.581Z]	<kimhd>	voip: 0cc is lionel_wolberger
[2018-02-13T17:10:12.411Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: IIW is coming up, will send out discount code
[2018-02-13T17:10:17.638Z]	<kimhd>	voip: 0cf is Moses
[2018-02-13T17:10:22.983Z]	<kimhd>	voip: connections?
[2018-02-13T17:10:24.740Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: verifiable claims meet up that same week
[2018-02-13T17:10:39.780Z]	<kimhd>	voip: 0ce is drummon
[2018-02-13T17:10:40.818Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-02-13T17:10:41.880Z]	<kimhd>	voip: 0ce is drummond
[2018-02-13T17:10:48.531Z]	<drummond>	voip: 0ce is drummond
[2018-02-13T17:10:50.704Z]	<kimhd>	q+ I have updates
[2018-02-13T17:11:08.898Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack kimhd
[2018-02-13T17:11:44.498Z]	<mike-lodder>	kimhd: updates have been made to various work items
[2018-02-13T17:12:59.619Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-02-13T17:13:40.806Z]	<kimhd>	@mike-lodder -- I'll do that
[2018-02-13T17:13:47.624Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip: 00cd is bigbluehat
[2018-02-13T17:13:53.643Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: DID Spec we are in post hardening phase
[2018-02-13T17:14:10.521Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2018-02-13T17:14:15.847Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: Digital Bazaar is actively coding against the latest version
[2018-02-13T17:14:31.381Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2018-02-13T17:14:45.625Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: I have processed many of the last issues either as things to do and will not do
[2018-02-13T17:15:02.526Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: only closing issues that were consensus exists
[2018-02-13T17:15:12.569Z]	<kimhd>	Kim: update on action items
[2018-02-13T17:15:13.389Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: and why its being closed
[2018-02-13T17:15:13.802Z]	<kimhd>	Kim finished these action items - Chairs to add potential works items section to main W3C-CCG page (educational, object capabilities, etc.) (Kim) - Add updated Credentials Community Group 2018 WBS graphic onto landing page (Kim) - Add link to WBS on home page (Kim) - Chairs to create VC examples repo
[2018-02-13T17:15:52.499Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: for two more weeks will try to close as many of those as possible so implementers can be sure of their implementations
[2018-02-13T17:15:52.618Z]	<kimhd>	Kim finished these action items: Chairs to add potential works items section to main W3C-CCG page (educational, object capabilities, etc.) (Kim); Add updated Credentials Community Group 2018 WBS graphic onto landing page (Kim); Add link to WBS on home page (Kim); Chairs to create VC examples repo
[2018-02-13T17:16:22.733Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: Manu - when can we tag features as finalized and have confidence in them
[2018-02-13T17:16:36.529Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: still in pre 1.0 phase of the DID Spec
[2018-02-13T17:16:49.946Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: using semantic versioning on the DID Spec
[2018-02-13T17:16:59.007Z]	<kimhd>	kimhd: Kimhd is also closing these action items: Chairs to assign Joe as owner of CCG process, Chairs to assign Manu as Registry Process owner
[2018-02-13T17:17:01.777Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: we have not been categorizing issues in the prerelease phase
[2018-02-13T17:17:29.984Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: when do categorize versions as finished like 0.9 or 0.10
[2018-02-13T17:17:55.805Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: usually done by signaling the community that a version is done or for a specific version is still being worked on
[2018-02-13T17:18:00.039Z]	<kimhd>	kimhd: kimhd closing action item: W3C-CCG to complete reconciliation of #RebootingWebOfTrust & Hardening changes (All, due end of January _https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/41_) *COMPLETE*
[2018-02-13T17:18:16.542Z]	<kimhd>	kimhd: kimhd closing action item Sending out additional details about RWoT in Santa Barbara (Joe)*COMPLETE*
[2018-02-13T17:18:37.838Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: no real hard and fast rule to communicate this
[2018-02-13T17:19:08.538Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: these are living specs, stable are versions that have been approved by W3C
[2018-02-13T17:19:26.071Z]	<manu>	q?
[2018-02-13T17:19:59.860Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: would like this more formalized, where are we and how do we do living standards
[2018-02-13T17:20:08.003Z]	<kimhd>	q+ to close on proposal of Edu/Occ VC task force
[2018-02-13T17:20:19.109Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: we can take the discussion offline
[2018-02-13T17:20:22.339Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack drummond
[2018-02-13T17:21:02.071Z]	<mike-lodder>	drummond: will have one more DID Spec closure call this Thursday
[2018-02-13T17:21:10.624Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q--
[2018-02-13T17:21:30.173Z]	<kimhd>	voip: 0d1 is lionel_wolberger
[2018-02-13T17:21:31.032Z]	<mike-lodder>	drummond: just covering issues management until all can be resolved online
[2018-02-13T17:22:24.262Z]	<mike-lodder>	drummond: we should have many implementations of DID Method Specs at RWoT
[2018-02-13T17:22:43.191Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	http://rwot6.eventbrite.com
[2018-02-13T17:22:48.698Z]	<mike-lodder>	drummond: I would like to see coming out of RWoT multiple V1 specs
[2018-02-13T17:22:49.069Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack kimhd
[2018-02-13T17:23:21.779Z]	<mike-lodder>	kimhd: looking for feedback on Edu/Occ VC -  as described in https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Feb/0013.html
[2018-02-13T17:25:10.153Z]	<manu>	Proposal: Create an Education and Occupational Credentials Task Force
[2018-02-13T17:23:24.342Z]	<manu>	+1 to Occedu VC Task Force
[2018-02-13T17:23:30.659Z]	<dlongley>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:23:36.198Z]	<mike-lodder>	kimhd: ready to finish that
[2018-02-13T17:23:39.945Z]	<rgrant>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:23:44.918Z]	<mike-lodder>	kimhd: will link final proposal
[2018-02-13T17:24:09.401Z]	<ottonomy>	+1 to occupational/educational task force (will participate)
[2018-02-13T17:24:44.947Z]	<mike-lodder>	kimhd: still need to shape the remaining work items with the task force
[2018-02-13T17:25:13.150Z]	<manu>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:25:14.823Z]	<mike-lodder>	kimhd: some short term and others long term, to meet once a week similar to DID Spec hardening
[2018-02-13T17:25:24.229Z]	<dlongley>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:25:35.073Z]	<ottonomy>	There are specific work items for this task force, but likely to do more discovery around work items that are not yet fully defined. We'll start with an Open Badges/Verifiable Credentials unification proof of concept. (Asserting an Open Badge in a VC envelope)
[2018-02-13T17:25:38.042Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: call for consensus for the task force
[2018-02-13T17:25:44.358Z]	<agropper>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:25:45.658Z]	<TallTed>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:25:48.071Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:25:49.818Z]	<mike-lodder>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:25:51.428Z]	<jarlath>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:25:54.748Z]	<cwebber>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:25:54.952Z]	<kimhd>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:25:55.524Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:25:58.782Z]	<glinklater>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:26:06.130Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:26:15.704Z]	<manu>	RESOLVED: Create an Education and Occupational Credentials Task Force as described in https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Feb/0013.html
[2018-02-13T17:26:24.318Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: formally approved to create the task force
[2018-02-13T17:26:31.870Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-02-13T17:26:41.504Z]	<ChristopherA>	@joe May be a good example of exploration work item
[2018-02-13T17:27:22.579Z]	<mike-lodder>	markus_sabadello: selected by British Colombia government to implement a working version for DID-AUTH
[2018-02-13T17:27:29.363Z]	<manu>	Topic: DID Authentication
[2018-02-13T17:27:59.138Z]	<mike-lodder>	markus_sabadello: BC Gov has many scenarios where DID-AUTH is applicable
[2018-02-13T17:28:24.387Z]	<mike-lodder>	markus_sabadello: DID-AUTH is basically proving control over a DID-Doc
[2018-02-13T17:28:39.572Z]	<mike-lodder>	markus_sabadello: DID-AUTH is proof of control and endpoints over TLS
[2018-02-13T17:29:11.710Z]	<mike-lodder>	markus_sabadello: applies to browsers, QR codes
[2018-02-13T17:29:33.246Z]	<dlongley>	credential handler provides a DID-AUTH mechanism via the browser
[2018-02-13T17:29:44.332Z]	<mike-lodder>	markus_sabadello: service-to-service endpoints, and as log in mechanisms
[2018-02-13T17:30:42.760Z]	<mike-lodder>	markus_sabadello: idea is to implement everything in an open way and DID Method agnostic
[2018-02-13T17:31:14.484Z]	<mike-lodder>	markus_sabadello: looking for any feedback on this
[2018-02-13T17:31:22.399Z]	<manu>	q+ to request that input is taken from current work
[2018-02-13T17:31:24.379Z]	<markus_sabadello>	https://bcdevexchange.org/opportunities/opp-initial-reference-implementation-of-decentralized-authentication--did-auth--and-authorization-mechanisms
[2018-02-13T17:31:34.949Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: is there a DID-AUTH spec work item
[2018-02-13T17:31:55.239Z]	<mike-lodder>	markus_sabadello: not yet but I am working some documentation that could become the basis for a spec
[2018-02-13T17:32:03.973Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-02-13T17:32:43.618Z]	<manu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/credential-handler-api/
[2018-02-13T17:33:12.372Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: we have done some work in this area also in the credential-handler which is DID-AUTH in the browser and verifiable credentials
[2018-02-13T17:33:57.343Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: the core messages themselves can be reused in the BCGov implementation
[2018-02-13T17:34:00.622Z]	<dlongley>	and the original design was to create messages that could flow over different mediums, not just the browser.
[2018-02-13T17:34:22.262Z]	<mike-lodder>	Manu: the messages are medium independent
[2018-02-13T17:34:34.692Z]	<manu>	demo to credential handler: https://youtu.be/qdbDu1oV0PI
[2018-02-13T17:35:18.167Z]	<dlongley>	a "Verifiable Credential" can simply be a "PublicKeyCredential" which is just an assertion that you have a certain public key ... which can be checked by going to a DID ledger.
[2018-02-13T17:35:38.371Z]	<manu>	and technically, this is already a work item for the group -- https://w3c-ccg.github.io/credential-handler-api/
[2018-02-13T17:35:38.518Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: we will be creating a work item for DID-Auth
[2018-02-13T17:35:42.859Z]	<dlongley>	and the credential handler API supports any Verifiable Credential -- so it covers that simple "DID AUTH" case as well as others.
[2018-02-13T17:35:54.038Z]	<manu>	Topic: Object Capabilities
[2018-02-13T17:36:20.626Z]	<kimhd>	voip: connections?
[2018-02-13T17:36:28.920Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: cwebber and mark miller have been working Object Capabilities and use cases
[2018-02-13T17:37:10.310Z]	<kimhd>	voip: 0d7 is mark_miller
[2018-02-13T17:37:10.520Z]	<cwebber>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2017/blob/master/final-documents/lds-ocap.md
[2018-02-13T17:37:40.560Z]	<mike-lodder>	cwebber: Object Capabilities are a way to security through a flow rather than a typical access control list (all)
[2018-02-13T17:37:55.620Z]	<mike-lodder>	cwebber: acl
[2018-02-13T17:38:01.160Z]	<cwebber>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2017/blob/master/final-documents/lds-ocap.md
[2018-02-13T17:38:12.404Z]	<mike-lodder>	cwebber: object capabilities using a linked data system
[2018-02-13T17:38:31.266Z]	<dlongley>	ocap: "just use a key to get in" vs. acls: "a list that says who can do things"
[2018-02-13T17:39:01.979Z]	<cwebber>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/ld-ocap/
[2018-02-13T17:39:59.025Z]	<mike-lodder>	cwebber: the newer specification has some minor changes made since the previous RWoT
[2018-02-13T17:40:03.332Z]	<manu>	Looking here: https://w3c-ccg.github.io/ld-ocap/#ocap-by-example
[2018-02-13T17:41:25.002Z]	<dlongley>	Note: ocaps vs. acls .... using a key (ocap) is better because it only fits into a particular lock -- using a list with names on it (acl) makes it too easy to trick those people into doing things for others that weren't intended.
[2018-02-13T17:42:42.562Z]	<mike-lodder>	cwebber: attenuated keys are used for restricted capabilities
[2018-02-13T17:43:30.704Z]	<cwebber>	https://github.com/digitalbazaar/ldocap.js/blob/first-pass/js/ld-ocap.js
[2018-02-13T17:43:35.627Z]	<mike-lodder>	cwebber: ccg wants to take this spec on now that more details have been written
[2018-02-13T17:44:25.221Z]	<mike-lodder>	cwebber: close to first working implementation
[2018-02-13T17:44:54.032Z]	<manu>	q+ to note how Digital Bazaar and Veres One is going to use the spec/implementation for DIDs and VCs.
[2018-02-13T17:45:32.947Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-02-13T17:45:37.392Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: will do a formal consensus call to adopt ocap as a work item
[2018-02-13T17:46:36.066Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: ocap for decentralized permissions with DID's and verifiable credentials/claims
[2018-02-13T17:46:56.686Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: verse one will use ocap and no acls
[2018-02-13T17:47:19.429Z]	<dlongley>	very simple version of a DID that uses ocap: https://gist.github.com/dlongley/1762f214f18d8cc63af8ff2853c1c5e1
[2018-02-13T17:47:50.222Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: we believe we've figured out a way to integrate this into linked data signatures
[2018-02-13T17:48:04.903Z]	<rgrant>	q+ what about this is method-specific, versus being part of verifiable-claims infrastructure?
[2018-02-13T17:48:34.732Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-02-13T17:48:37.548Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack rgrant
[2018-02-13T17:48:38.340Z]	<dlongley>	the gist shows how this fits really nicely with the approach taken with the DID spec so far.
[2018-02-13T17:48:55.281Z]	<mike-lodder>	rgrant: what about this should be method specific
[2018-02-13T17:49:20.189Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2018-02-13T17:49:23.458Z]	<mike-lodder>	rgrant: what is the recommendation for someone who wants to integrate this
[2018-02-13T17:50:10.390Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: at RWoT there was hesitation to integrate this at the general DID Spec level
[2018-02-13T17:50:24.861Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: this is still experimental
[2018-02-13T17:51:33.619Z]	<rgrant>	q+ is the capabilitity model in Veres One enabling anything other than Veres One updates?
[2018-02-13T17:51:42.325Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Lost my voip
[2018-02-13T17:51:52.466Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	I'm surprised IRC is still responsive.
[2018-02-13T17:52:04.342Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Chris or Kim? Could you take over moderating?
[2018-02-13T17:52:07.043Z]	<manu>	q?
[2018-02-13T17:52:14.383Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: we don't feel comfortable recommending yet at the general level yet because each method will have specifics that are different
[2018-02-13T17:52:15.280Z]	<manu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-02-13T17:53:04.968Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: ocap architecture is not new, but has not been successful because the need has not been sufficient, acl has been adequet
[2018-02-13T17:53:16.719Z]	<manu>	yes, I didn't mean to imply that that ocap is a "new concept"... it definitely isn't and a LOT of thought/implementation has gone into it.
[2018-02-13T17:53:36.330Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: we're finally reaching a point where the weight of the acl system is hurting us
[2018-02-13T17:53:41.024Z]	<drummond>	I think we need to differentiate between using the OCAP model with a particular Sovrin method and using it as a general pattern of authorization between DID subjects. Both are important.
[2018-02-13T17:53:46.638Z]	<manu>	I was just saying that it's new to this group and new to "blockchains", which are new themselves... so... LOTS of NEW stuff going on, which makes some organizations very nervous about deployment.
[2018-02-13T17:53:52.809Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2018-02-13T17:54:38.292Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	voip: e2 is JoeAndrieu
[2018-02-13T17:54:39.168Z]	<mike-lodder>	agropper: how much of this is interacting with DIF
[2018-02-13T17:54:57.930Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-02-13T17:55:41.307Z]	<mike-lodder>	drummond: DIF is pursuing a hub model are trying to solve the same problem that ocap solves but their thinking isn't far enough along yet
[2018-02-13T17:56:04.918Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-02-13T17:56:09.685Z]	<manu>	ack agropper
[2018-02-13T17:56:10.818Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack agropper
[2018-02-13T17:56:21.538Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack rgrant
[2018-02-13T17:56:22.858Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack rgrant
[2018-02-13T17:56:58.166Z]	<manu>	q+ to note how Veres One is using LDOCAP
[2018-02-13T17:57:08.062Z]	<mike-lodder>	rgrant: if veres one is doing anything with ocap outside of DID updates and if other method specs should consider it with their own
[2018-02-13T17:57:11.562Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack drummond
[2018-02-13T17:58:29.625Z]	<mike-lodder>	drummond: verifiable credentials is a general pattern to do ocap
[2018-02-13T17:58:36.802Z]	<manu>	Chris has a great part of the spec that he wrote that goes into how all this fits together: https://w3c-ccg.github.io/ld-ocap/#relationship-to-vc
[2018-02-13T17:58:41.370Z]	<mike-lodder>	drummond: Sovrin is planning to use it
[2018-02-13T17:59:02.518Z]	<manu>	PROPOSAL: Adopt the Linked Data Object Capabilities specification as a work item.
[2018-02-13T17:58:59.343Z]	<kimhd>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:59:00.879Z]	<rgrant>	+1!
[2018-02-13T17:59:02.082Z]	<cwebber2>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:59:03.099Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:59:03.821Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 as a work item
[2018-02-13T17:59:04.918Z]	<dlongley>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:59:05.351Z]	<mike-lodder>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:59:08.678Z]	<TallTed>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:59:09.629Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-02-13T17:59:11.607Z]	<agropper>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:59:29.790Z]	<bigbluehat>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:59:33.187Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1
[2018-02-13T17:59:02.518Z]	<manu>	RESOLVED: Adopt the Linked Data Object Capabilities specification as a work item.
[2018-02-13T18:00:07.122Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	For the record, these +1s were for adopting the LD-OCAP specification as a work item of CCG
[2018-02-13T18:01:00.599Z]	<Moses>	Question for Manu: How does LD-OCAP work with or compete against SOLID?
[2018-02-13T18:02:18.884Z]	<manu>	Moses, its complementary
[2018-02-13T18:02:21.178Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: open questions are should ocap be the required way to do this?
[2018-02-13T18:02:22.123Z]	<rgrant>	thanks manu!  so far, i hear a layer of abstraction.
[2018-02-13T18:03:15.695Z]	<Moses>	See you all in Santa Barbara!
[2018-02-13T18:03:18.681Z]	<manu>	present+ sabadello, andrieu, moses, longley, hughes, smith, lodder, sporny, chadwick, webber, drummond, christophera, rgrant, tallted, lehn, linklater, bigbluehat, gropper, wolberger, miller
