[2019-05-09T20:04:28.735Z]	<burn>	present+
[2019-05-09T20:04:42.707Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+ markus_sabadello
[2019-05-09T20:05:23.787Z]	<ken>	present+ Ken_Ebert
[2019-05-09T20:05:25.446Z]	<manu>	present+
[2019-05-09T20:05:48.889Z]	<drummond>	Drummond will scribe today
[2019-05-09T20:05:57.867Z]	<manu>	scribe: drummond
[2019-05-09T20:06:00.406Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2019-05-09T20:06:19.867Z]	<drummond>	This is the a CCG call and can only have substantive contributions from CCG members.
[2019-05-09T20:06:42.195Z]	<burn>	Agenda page: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qYBaXQMUoB86Alquu7WBtWOxsS8SMhp1fioYKEGCabE/edit#heading=h.69my2tp0ecdn
[2019-05-09T20:07:13.145Z]	<manu>	Agenda: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qYBaXQMUoB86Alquu7WBtWOxsS8SMhp1fioYKEGCabE/edit#heading=h.69my2tp0ecdn
[2019-05-09T20:07:24.558Z]	<manu>	Drummond reviews Agenda
[2019-05-09T20:07:26.969Z]	<burn>	drummond: reviews agenda
[2019-05-09T20:07:29.984Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-05-09T20:07:44.837Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	present+ markus_sabadello
[2019-05-09T20:08:02.861Z]	<burn>	manu: should we take amy's issues first?
[2019-05-09T20:08:17.276Z]	<burn>	... perhaps after rubrics?
[2019-05-09T20:09:04.026Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: let's do rubrics first since we can timebox easily
[2019-05-09T20:09:54.014Z]	<burn>	s/JoeAndrieu: let's do rubrics first since we can timebox easily/JoeAndrieu: let's do amy's first, then rubrics, since we can timebox rubrics
[2019-05-09T20:10:17.342Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:10:35.214Z]	<yancy>	present+
[2019-05-09T20:10:55.175Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/188
[2019-05-09T20:10:56.321Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ Joe_Andrieu
[2019-05-09T20:10:56.807Z]	<burn>	manu: issue 188
[2019-05-09T20:11:11.994Z]	<burn>	... adds Markus to editors' list.
[2019-05-09T20:11:35.014Z]	<burn>	(No objections, other than Markus for too much work :) )
[2019-05-09T20:12:02.510Z]	<burn>	manu: issue 181
[2019-05-09T20:12:17.704Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/181/files
[2019-05-09T20:12:23.925Z]	<burn>	s/issue 188/PR 188/
[2019-05-09T20:12:42.331Z]	<burn>	s/issue 181/PR 181/
[2019-05-09T20:12:49.167Z]	<burn>	(No objections to closing)
[2019-05-09T20:12:53.722Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/184
[2019-05-09T20:12:57.061Z]	<burn>	manu: PR 184
[2019-05-09T20:13:26.688Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-05-09T20:14:00.961Z]	<burn>	... adds def for DID registry.  Using one term to refer to 'network capable of supporting DIDs', now defined as 'DID registry' to align with 'verifiable data registry' from VC work
[2019-05-09T20:14:27.877Z]	<burn>	... (reads definition in PR)
[2019-05-09T20:14:50.600Z]	<manu>	q- manu
[2019-05-09T20:14:55.798Z]	<manu>	ack drummond
[2019-05-09T20:14:56.048Z]	<burn>	... s/scribe: drummond/scribe: burn/
[2019-05-09T20:15:03.900Z]	<Justin_R>	present+
[2019-05-09T20:15:27.766Z]	<burn>	drummond: term 'DID networks' is shorter that 'decentralized identifiers registry'.
[2019-05-09T20:15:30.006Z]	<burn>	q+
[2019-05-09T20:15:30.425Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-05-09T20:15:33.576Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2019-05-09T20:15:34.794Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	q+
[2019-05-09T20:15:43.805Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	ack burn
[2019-05-09T20:16:18.661Z]	<manu>	burn: Seems like Decentralized Identifiers are DIDs... we could say DID Registry instead of DID Networks... might be confusing wrt. DID Method Registry... only reasons DID Networks is shorter is you've turned Decentralized Identifier into DIDs.
[2019-05-09T20:16:28.718Z]	<brent>	+1 to registry over network
[2019-05-09T20:17:01.968Z]	<burn>	manu: could do this in two phases:  first unify to this term everywhere by pulling in PR, then discuss changing that term later.
[2019-05-09T20:17:02.390Z]	<drummond>	+1 to unifying on one term
[2019-05-09T20:17:14.335Z]	<burn>	... could pull in and then do discussion
[2019-05-09T20:17:29.044Z]	<drummond>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-05-09T20:17:35.043Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:17:35.299Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:17:37.194Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	ack manu
[2019-05-09T20:17:52.309Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: agree with manu.  let's pull in and create a new issue to bikeshed the term if we want
[2019-05-09T20:17:58.300Z]	<drummond>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-05-09T20:18:07.313Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:18:17.660Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello_: agree.  replaces 'target system' as well
[2019-05-09T20:18:21.344Z]	<drummond>	ack markus_sabadello_
[2019-05-09T20:18:38.513Z]	<burn>	manu: we will note in PR that we are only pulling in to unify term and that new issue will be raised for 'DID network'
[2019-05-09T20:18:41.012Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:18:55.688Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/186
[2019-05-09T20:20:03.060Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:20:10.017Z]	<burn>	manu: talks about DID method registry and choosing resolvers using registry.  this is all non-normative, just guidance that people should look at the registry.  When creating a new method they should check the registry first to make sure it's not taken
[2019-05-09T20:20:32.826Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: there is a way to know if a particular DID method is unique.  Can discuss later.
[2019-05-09T20:20:45.570Z]	<burn>	s/manu: talks/manu: PR talks/
[2019-05-09T20:20:55.085Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: will propose changes
[2019-05-09T20:21:06.118Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/180
[2019-05-09T20:21:30.124Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	q+
[2019-05-09T20:22:06.924Z]	<drummond>	ack markus_sabadello_
[2019-05-09T20:22:45.953Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello_: it moves the section on human-friendly ids down to the security considerations section.  also removes section on motivations for DIDs which talks about centralization, etc.
[2019-05-09T20:23:18.857Z]	<burn>	... i guess this is okay since mentioned elsewhere, but I have had concerns about language like this disappearing from the spec
[2019-05-09T20:23:54.175Z]	<burn>	manu: hope with this PR is that we are removing stuff already in the DID primer.  If the points don't appear anywhere that is not what is intended.
[2019-05-09T20:24:07.251Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello_: okay with merging this, just explaining what I think it does.
[2019-05-09T20:24:26.185Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:24:32.838Z]	<burn>	... believe the important language around decentralization is still in several places, so okay.
[2019-05-09T20:25:10.304Z]	<burn>	... DID doc examples are also moved.  some other small wording changes in 'design goals' table.
[2019-05-09T20:25:31.957Z]	<burn>	... changes 'self-sovereign' to 'control' as a goal.
[2019-05-09T20:25:53.691Z]	<burn>	... okay with merging.
[2019-05-09T20:26:08.085Z]	<burn>	manu: any objections with merging?
[2019-05-09T20:26:16.818Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: give me a moment to review
[2019-05-09T20:27:06.152Z]	<burn>	drummond: there are many changes here.  some are trivially obvious, but we could be safe by merging as long as we accept that other changes may be proposed later
[2019-05-09T20:27:13.402Z]	<burn>	... or we can take time now
[2019-05-09T20:27:34.220Z]	<burn>	manu: how about 'review by Sunday'.  You can object to merge before then, if no objections will merge.
[2019-05-09T20:27:38.273Z]	<burn>	drummond: yes
[2019-05-09T20:27:40.365Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: yes
[2019-05-09T20:28:04.357Z]	<burn>	manu: (asks markus_sabadello_ to update PR accordingly)
[2019-05-09T20:28:24.093Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello_: will update all PRs after call with brief description of decision
[2019-05-09T20:28:24.614Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:28:57.994Z]	<burn>	manu: please include link to minutes as well
[2019-05-09T20:28:59.811Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello_: will do
[2019-05-09T20:29:34.669Z]	<burn>	drummond: should we look at 189 now since we are in this mode (before rubrics)?
[2019-05-09T20:30:03.473Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello_: yes.
[2019-05-09T20:30:10.216Z]	<manu>	q+ on a few issues w/ that one
[2019-05-09T20:30:18.683Z]	<burn>	... only the ABNF grammar in that
[2019-05-09T20:31:16.808Z]	<burn>	... have responded to some of manu's issues, but not all.  There are ongoing discussions on several matrix params.  On this main one there are only a few comments.
[2019-05-09T20:31:21.890Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:31:27.128Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-05-09T20:32:12.499Z]	<drummond>	Kabob case - I love it!
[2019-05-09T20:32:38.628Z]	<burn>	manu: i'd like a response to my questions.  Idea of using colons for separators inside method-specific matrix params.  I prefer kebob case.  dlongley believes that we should not prefix things, so should discuss.
[2019-05-09T20:33:23.299Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:33:25.257Z]	<burn>	... could instead take that section out into a new PR so we can majority of ABNF fixed.  Alternatively, note that manu still has questions and may propose changes in new PRs (so merging does not mean done).
[2019-05-09T20:33:54.257Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	-1 to merging. Seems like we need further discussion
[2019-05-09T20:33:54.437Z]	<burn>	drummond: okay with merging but noting there is still an issue to discuss and handle as new issue.
[2019-05-09T20:34:18.065Z]	<burn>	... ABNF that is in there is ***really*** old, so we need to get something done.
[2019-05-09T20:34:51.669Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1 if we flag paragraphs as having issues
[2019-05-09T20:34:52.980Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:35:00.932Z]	<burn>	manu: markus, note that there is discussion still needed about certain matrix params and syntax.  then I'm okay with merging
[2019-05-09T20:35:10.818Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello_: will note that
[2019-05-09T20:35:48.598Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: both create issues and mark in spec with < ... class='issue'>?
[2019-05-09T20:36:01.953Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello_: not familiar with this class and how it works.
[2019-05-09T20:36:17.852Z]	<burn>	manu: respec has a way to link in spec to new issue.
[2019-05-09T20:36:56.189Z]	<burn>	manu: this would go below ABNF.
[2019-05-09T20:37:02.432Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:37:11.513Z]	<burn>	drummond: any objections?
[2019-05-09T20:37:14.472Z]	<burn>	(crickets)
[2019-05-09T20:37:39.050Z]	<burn>	drummond: anything else you wanted to cover, markus_sabadello_ ?
[2019-05-09T20:37:51.264Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello_: there are some old issues that still need discussion
[2019-05-09T20:38:08.634Z]	<burn>	drummond: will move on to rubrics now
[2019-05-09T20:38:16.490Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: (Mr. Rubric)
[2019-05-09T20:39:22.477Z]	<manu>	How to create a rubric -- https://facultyinnovate.utexas.edu/sites/default/files/build-rubric.pdf
[2019-05-09T20:39:52.398Z]	<manu>	First attempt at DID Method Rubrics: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HXik6hxHfGZR1-nhmQoYO5Ap3eGPNpg8MitCQXdW7Q0/edit
[2019-05-09T20:40:01.964Z]	<burn>	... GDoc has Joe's notes.  The goal was to create a guideline for evaluation.  Included notes from U Texas on how to do rubrics.  Have two different rubrics.  U Texas description has table with rating scale.
[2019-05-09T20:41:10.178Z]	<burn>	... might be different between operation and governance. Any result should fall somewhere between the two dimensions.
[2019-05-09T20:41:59.864Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:42:00.118Z]	<burn>	... designed to be a spectrum and where method sits on that spectrum.  There is a question, and the answer lies on a spectrum.
[2019-05-09T20:42:04.164Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-05-09T20:42:04.841Z]	<jonathan_holt>	looks like Rouven raised his hand on the zoom
[2019-05-09T20:42:29.925Z]	<manu>	q+ rouven
[2019-05-09T20:42:46.510Z]	<manu>	ack rouven
[2019-05-09T20:43:11.964Z]	<burn>	rouven: there are some good elements.  full node means different things in different environments.  the key is whether you are participating in writing.  Not sure what capabilities are included here.
[2019-05-09T20:43:35.256Z]	<burn>	... permission isn't everything.  Could be restrictive if costs too much, for example (another way to be exclusionary).
[2019-05-09T20:43:58.781Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: full node may not be best.  read/write, participate in consensus.
[2019-05-09T20:44:13.704Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:44:15.238Z]	<burn>	... my other format tries to get into that question rather than using a scale.
[2019-05-09T20:44:31.885Z]	<burn>	... not sure which scale that fits on, but idea is there.
[2019-05-09T20:44:44.778Z]	<burn>	rouven: this is the only one out of the four that is permissionless
[2019-05-09T20:45:07.898Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:45:11.087Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:45:11.896Z]	<drummond>	ack drummond
[2019-05-09T20:45:27.396Z]	<rouven>	q+
[2019-05-09T20:45:31.601Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: Sovrin has permissioned governance, but operation is very open.
[2019-05-09T20:46:10.097Z]	<Justin_R>	q+ to take a step back for a more fundamental question behind the rubrics
[2019-05-09T20:46:17.989Z]	<burn>	rouven: spectrum in ecosystem is very broad.  can stake for $1000 or $10000.  spectrum just in permissionless envirnoments is very broad.
[2019-05-09T20:46:24.651Z]	<burn>	... can make suggestions here.
[2019-05-09T20:46:57.910Z]	<manu>	ack rouven
[2019-05-09T20:47:00.465Z]	<manu>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:47:01.111Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: in all of the spectrum cases, try to anchor extremes but include deltas in the middle that are clrearly differentiable.  would appreciate help on 1.1.1
[2019-05-09T20:47:12.954Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: governance.
[2019-05-09T20:47:29.685Z]	<burn>	... open and fair
[2019-05-09T20:47:40.776Z]	<burn>	s/open/how open/
[2019-05-09T20:48:24.223Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: on one extreme, anyone can participate, open and fair.  on the other, 1.2.4, there is a cabal that doesn't tell anyone about it.  1.2 is meant to present how bitcoin gov works
[2019-05-09T20:48:52.782Z]	<burn>	... maybe .2 and .3 should be flipped.  idea in .3 is that there is at least open process
[2019-05-09T20:49:06.168Z]	<drummond>	ack Justin_R
[2019-05-09T20:49:07.328Z]	<rouven>	q+
[2019-05-09T20:49:35.777Z]	<burn>	Justin_R: this is a good way to look at measuring.  this is all from DID method definer's perspective, but also need to consider looking from DID resolver implementer's perspective too.
[2019-05-09T20:50:24.218Z]	<burn>	... in my software that inputs a DID and outputs a DID doc, spec allows me to do anything i want with any DID method string.  DID network/registry is supposed to provide guidance for impls, but no normative requirements.
[2019-05-09T20:50:53.895Z]	<burn>	... great guideline for creators of DID methods, but need to figure out what anyone would care.
[2019-05-09T20:51:00.297Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-05-09T20:51:02.767Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:51:38.290Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to ask about resolver conformance v method definers
[2019-05-09T20:51:45.112Z]	<burn>	rouven: observation: op and gov are connected.  many permissioned models have different approaches to gov.  In 1.2.2 what's missing is crypto-economics.
[2019-05-09T20:51:50.374Z]	<burn>	... important element of gov.
[2019-05-09T20:52:01.801Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:52:08.375Z]	<drummond>	ack rouven
[2019-05-09T20:52:12.546Z]	<burn>	... not just a group of people, also cost.  expense matters.  this is missing.
[2019-05-09T20:52:32.880Z]	<burn>	... maybe could combine op and gov in some way.
[2019-05-09T20:52:32.942Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:52:44.851Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: noting that there may be a spectrum between op and gov
[2019-05-09T20:53:00.242Z]	<burn>	rouven: yes, it can be tricky
[2019-05-09T20:53:07.234Z]	<burn>	s/tricky/tricky to describe/
[2019-05-09T20:53:20.370Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	ack drummond
[2019-05-09T20:53:22.749Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	q+
[2019-05-09T20:53:30.483Z]	<burn>	drummond: what matters here with DID methods is level of assurance.  how trusted is the underlying system.
[2019-05-09T20:53:41.051Z]	<burn>	... what is the integrity of the DID doc that it gets back.
[2019-05-09T20:54:10.456Z]	<burn>	... may be other factors as well.  how much control does DID controller have, for example.  key is how trustable is the method.
[2019-05-09T20:54:28.176Z]	<burn>	... credit union issues cred, verifier wants to know how trustable the public key is
[2019-05-09T20:54:48.299Z]	<burn>	... can i trust the record and is this really a CU (latter is more about gov)
[2019-05-09T20:54:58.157Z]	<burn>	... looking through lens of assurance.
[2019-05-09T20:55:34.801Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-05-09T20:55:35.687Z]	<burn>	Justin_R: trustworthiness is interesting, but only matters if method you use in reality matches the DID you reference.  Not clear how these match up.
[2019-05-09T20:56:16.067Z]	<burn>	... meta question is if you are supposed to go to blockchain database but instead go to website, what does that mean for interop
[2019-05-09T20:56:21.632Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+
[2019-05-09T20:56:24.233Z]	<burn>	... how universal are DID methods?
[2019-05-09T20:56:36.810Z]	<burn>	... if not universally referenceable, how can i trust them at all
[2019-05-09T20:57:43.149Z]	<burn>	... In other words, can write compliant DID resolution software for the did:sov method that never checks sovrin network.
[2019-05-09T20:58:22.955Z]	<burn>	... non-compliant to the method, but there is no tie to the actual DID method spec.
[2019-05-09T20:58:30.722Z]	<burn>	... might be a derailing conversation.
[2019-05-09T20:58:41.394Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T20:58:49.210Z]	<drummond>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-05-09T20:59:21.638Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: important conversation for rubrics.  things are even worse.  if a given resolver is intending to use correct method for did:sov, how do we know that it did?
[2019-05-09T20:59:38.867Z]	<rouven>	q+
[2019-05-09T20:59:41.404Z]	<burn>	... is in DID resolution spec, but how to make sure method was followed.
[2019-05-09T21:00:05.810Z]	<burn>	drummond: some methods have mechanisms for testing the answer, like state proofs in sovrin.
[2019-05-09T21:00:21.646Z]	<burn>	... also, may need classic certification for components
[2019-05-09T21:00:29.317Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to mention crazy meta-method
[2019-05-09T21:00:48.546Z]	<drummond>	ack markus_sabadello_
[2019-05-09T21:01:27.897Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello_: another term i've heard is 'trust context' for this.  HL Aries uses that term.  Right now DID res spec has some issues and comments on this.  Complex issue.
[2019-05-09T21:01:51.755Z]	<burn>	... rubrics can help by explaining difference in trust context for each method
[2019-05-09T21:02:28.875Z]	<burn>	... resolver also will have variants.  when you define method spec, need to define variants.
[2019-05-09T21:02:45.368Z]	<burn>	... eg full node, light client
[2019-05-09T21:02:59.842Z]	<burn>	... can supply input param to resolver to follow more trusted way of resolving DID.
[2019-05-09T21:03:14.862Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T21:03:24.714Z]	<burn>	... could get response from resolver about what it did.  And how do you trust a remotely hosted resolver?
[2019-05-09T21:03:31.144Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T21:03:44.097Z]	<burn>	... could be state proofs, sig on DID doc, much complexity here.
[2019-05-09T21:03:47.540Z]	<drummond>	q-
[2019-05-09T21:04:01.612Z]	<manu>	q+ to note we should keep going through the rubrics, don't want to get hung up on this one
[2019-05-09T21:04:08.096Z]	<Justin_R>	+1 to clarifying this in the did resolution spec or some document like that
[2019-05-09T21:04:20.118Z]	<burn>	... these things can also be made machine readable.  could be in resolver config and/or response.
[2019-05-09T21:04:36.330Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack jonathan_holt
[2019-05-09T21:05:04.009Z]	<burn>	jonathan_holt: hard to make rubrics comparing methods where difference is within DID method.  For example, how long are you willing to wait for finality.
[2019-05-09T21:05:04.189Z]	<drummond>	q+ to ask whether DID Resolution is explicitly in scope for the DID WG Charter
[2019-05-09T21:05:22.834Z]	<burn>	... could be config for resolver overall or for the method
[2019-05-09T21:05:31.762Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: missing that dynamic.  thanks.
[2019-05-09T21:05:36.691Z]	<drummond>	ack rouven
[2019-05-09T21:06:12.104Z]	<burn>	rouven: do we have a registry for 'correct' resolver for a method?  maybe federation.  Eeach resolver could point to the ones they trust.
[2019-05-09T21:06:32.895Z]	<jonathan_holt>	+1 to multiple resolvers that builds a trust network
[2019-05-09T21:06:34.782Z]	<burn>	... could help client determine which they trust.  3 point to the sovrin resolver, only 1 for another.
[2019-05-09T21:07:06.387Z]	<burn>	... given right resolver, how do we determine right chain?  hard forks of different types.  in a certain period of time could be multiple chains.
[2019-05-09T21:07:27.643Z]	<burn>	... could be very confusing.  need to think about robustness against such failures.
[2019-05-09T21:07:32.726Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T21:07:41.151Z]	<drummond>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-05-09T21:08:48.173Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: regarding name space issue, resolver for did:sov may have different idea for what that means.  maybe colud have a meta method that specifiies content hash of method def and then at least DID would be clear about which method is intended.
[2019-05-09T21:08:55.942Z]	<burn>	... naive idea, but there it is.
[2019-05-09T21:09:03.866Z]	<jonathan_holt>	1+ to CID, we talked about this in RWoT
[2019-05-09T21:09:06.224Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T21:09:11.350Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-05-09T21:09:53.662Z]	<ken>	q+
[2019-05-09T21:09:57.904Z]	<burn>	manu: +1 to discussion.  Would rather we get through rest of doc now though, because each of these points can take a lot of time.  Breadth first may help us figure out if rubrics general direction is good.
[2019-05-09T21:10:10.311Z]	<Justin_R>	FWIW, I'm fine with moving on, I wanted to make sure we're ultimately solving a problem that is meaningful in light of its context, and I think that's fixable
[2019-05-09T21:10:13.580Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T21:10:17.675Z]	<burn>	... if we like this approach, we can then go into dehtails later.
[2019-05-09T21:11:02.201Z]	<burn>	drummond: makes sense.  Many of these are DID res questions.  Is that in the DID WG charter?  Hopefully in scope!
[2019-05-09T21:11:11.212Z]	<burn>	manu: it is specifically OUT of scope.
[2019-05-09T21:11:48.165Z]	<burn>	... not supposed to be in scope.  we are not asking charter to do that because we don't have a spec to start with.  Still early days for that work.  Need it to be more mature.
[2019-05-09T21:11:51.992Z]	<drummond>	ack drummond
[2019-05-09T21:11:56.336Z]	<drummond>	ack ken
[2019-05-09T21:12:06.615Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T21:12:12.531Z]	<jonathan_holt>	1+ to adding comments to doc
[2019-05-09T21:12:14.020Z]	<burn>	ken: maybe a way to move doc along is to open doc for comments.  That can happen offline then.
[2019-05-09T21:12:22.878Z]	<manu>	+1 to add comments to the doc
[2019-05-09T21:12:37.911Z]	<burn>	drummond: we will let joe go through rest of doc quickly
[2019-05-09T21:12:47.952Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: will update sharing on the doc.
[2019-05-09T21:12:57.176Z]	<burn>	... done.  comments are now enabled.
[2019-05-09T21:12:57.612Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T21:13:38.558Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: second item is codebase.  spectrum for each fell along open-source vs proprietray lines.
[2019-05-09T21:14:29.381Z]	<burn>	... (reads 2.1.1 through 2.1.4)
[2019-05-09T21:15:03.104Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T21:15:22.098Z]	<burn>	... for wallet, couldn't figure out how to deal with non-universal resolvers
[2019-05-09T21:15:35.390Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T21:15:41.573Z]	<burn>	s/wallet/3 wallet/
[2019-05-09T21:15:54.586Z]	<burn>	... section 4 crypto is yes/no
[2019-05-09T21:16:38.280Z]	<burn>	... may need CL stuff added, so give comments
[2019-05-09T21:16:57.895Z]	<burn>	... section 5 about different operators in ecosystem and their commitments.
[2019-05-09T21:17:33.814Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T21:18:12.563Z]	<burn>	... section 6 is fairly immature.  6.0.3 gets at social key recovery.
[2019-05-09T21:18:49.322Z]	<burn>	... section 7 needs clarity on what portability means.
[2019-05-09T21:19:00.161Z]	<burn>	drummond: what do you mean?
[2019-05-09T21:19:06.938Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T21:19:29.841Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: we could use the mobile number portability architecture, but that's not what we do.
[2019-05-09T21:19:40.082Z]	<burn>	... only likely approach is forwarding.
[2019-05-09T21:20:02.482Z]	<burn>	drummond: (missed this because my phone rang noisily)
[2019-05-09T21:20:13.012Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T21:21:09.187Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: section 8 (joe reads)
[2019-05-09T21:22:00.340Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T21:23:24.785Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: section 9 (joe reads)
[2019-05-09T21:24:09.110Z]	<burn>	... section 10 (joe reads)
[2019-05-09T21:24:18.472Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T21:24:39.245Z]	<burn>	... section 11.  stuff that bitcoin folks will care about.
[2019-05-09T21:26:07.304Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T21:26:12.396Z]	<dmitriz>	what do we mean by definitive?
[2019-05-09T21:26:44.661Z]	<burn>	... section 12.  other items.  in 12.02.2, if significant fork, which one does market follow?  Chosen by method designers, or others?
[2019-05-09T21:26:55.287Z]	<drummond>	Just a note that this one place where "network" works better than "registry", i.e., "networks" fork, but "registries" don't typically fork.
[2019-05-09T21:26:59.523Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-05-09T21:27:00.093Z]	<yancy>	the fork would follow what version the fullnodes support
[2019-05-09T21:27:39.192Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: right now by design anyone can create DID method, moral obligation to make it unique.  No current definitive resolution process.
[2019-05-09T21:27:43.573Z]	<Justin_R>	+1 to this discussion, this gets back at what I was saying earlier
[2019-05-09T21:28:05.904Z]	<burn>	DanB notes that IETF has registry policies that can address this, but hey, 'centralized'
[2019-05-09T21:28:06.361Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	q+
[2019-05-09T21:28:11.226Z]	<burn>	drummond: Thank you so much for this!
[2019-05-09T21:28:57.352Z]	<Justin_R>	+1 to IANA registry because that doesn't centralize the rest of the protocol any more than having a single spec document does
[2019-05-09T21:29:17.237Z]	<manu>	q+ to ask if this makes people feel better about DID spec edits that do "bigger tent"
[2019-05-09T21:29:33.467Z]	<drummond>	I'm open to IANA registry too. Ironic to have a centralized registry for Decentralized Identifiers though ;-)
[2019-05-09T21:29:35.405Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-05-09T21:29:36.102Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-05-09T21:29:38.382Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: i crave feedback.  on Tuesday there is time for a report from this group.  Hopefulyl can talk about both rubrics and issues we closed.  The Tue call is dedidcated to the report out from this group.  No definitive answer here, but with enough data points people can figure out how decentralized methods are in the ways that matter to them.
[2019-05-09T21:29:47.443Z]	<drummond>	ack drummond
[2019-05-09T21:29:56.332Z]	<drummond>	ask markus_sabadello_
[2019-05-09T21:30:06.466Z]	<drummond>	ack markus_sabadello_
[2019-05-09T21:30:23.668Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello_: fantastic work.  shows how complex decentralization is.  how will this be used?  Will methods self-evaluate, or what?
[2019-05-09T21:30:52.274Z]	<drummond>	Manu will be our last speaker - we're hitting time
[2019-05-09T21:31:21.025Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: there is a lot here, and more to come.  may be a big burden even to ask method creators to do this.  But if we write up everything there may be a consensus on which short list of these are important.
[2019-05-09T21:31:44.236Z]	<burn>	... if a diverse group of us all agree on some top ones, they may be a good start.
[2019-05-09T21:31:50.329Z]	<drummond>	+1 to seeing if we can get to consensus about the most important rubrics
[2019-05-09T21:31:56.242Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-05-09T21:32:08.023Z]	<burn>	burn thinks we can do STV ranking of them to get a sense of shared value
[2019-05-09T21:32:56.961Z]	<drummond>	One item for next week's call is to "ringfence" bridge methods by putting them under specific reserved method names
[2019-05-09T21:33:25.861Z]	<burn>	markus_sabadello_: how will this affect work items?  Dmitri is working on web method spec now, for example.  This allows us to not compromise on general narrative.  One notion is adapter or bridge DID methods that can work with framework but might not satisfy all the important metrics here.
[2019-05-09T21:34:45.054Z]	<burn>	manu: maybe we could do a NOTE or put some of these into the DID spec?  Just one proposal.  Discussion feels meta and want to see something taht goes into the DID spec and charter.
[2019-05-09T21:34:57.557Z]	<burn>	... we need agreement on rubrics and how big a tent we're building
[2019-05-09T21:35:03.424Z]	<drummond>	+1 to a solid DID WG charter
[2019-05-09T21:35:25.456Z]	<burn>	drummond: thanks again Joe.
[2019-05-09T21:35:28.746Z]	<manu>	+1 to Joe on his hard work on this! :)
[2019-05-09T21:35:35.954Z]	<brent>	there is a PR for a rubric in the charter
[2019-05-09T21:35:37.824Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	You are welcome
[2019-05-09T21:35:53.911Z]	<burn>	... next week we should try to get to concrete spec and charter text.
[2019-05-09T21:36:07.755Z]	<drummond>	And thanks to burn!!!
[2019-05-09T21:49:02.322Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2019-05-09T21:49:46.701Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 181
