[2018-01-16T17:05:31.806Z]	<manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Jan/0055.html
[2018-01-16T17:05:31.806Z]	<manu>	scribe: rgrant
[2018-01-16T17:08:11.206Z]	<drummond>	Topic: Reintroductions
[2018-01-16T17:09:30.893Z]	<rgrant>	DavidC: University of Kent, UK.  been working on credentials 20+ years, x509, been in this group for a while.
[2018-01-16T17:10:34.798Z]	<rgrant>	DavidC: medical implementation, moving towards fingerprint reader on smartphone
[2018-01-16T17:10:39.780Z]	<kimhd>	q+ for ids
[2018-01-16T17:10:56.246Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: many people heard connection issues with the audio
[2018-01-16T17:12:34.508Z]	<kimhd>	voip: 39d is cwebber
[2018-01-16T17:12:46.870Z]	<rgrant>	Topic: Announcements
[2018-01-16T17:12:46.870Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: there is a DID hackathon this week!  YAAAY!  ;)
[2018-01-16T17:12:56.972Z]	<kimhd>	voip: 39a is ChristianLundkvist
[2018-01-16T17:13:33.177Z]	<squarfed>	cool
[2018-01-16T17:13:37.822Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: crypto focus is coming up next
[2018-01-16T17:13:40.367Z]	<manu>	voip: 3a9 is bigbluehat
[2018-01-16T17:13:41.462Z]	<squarfed>	+1 cryptothuesday
[2018-01-16T17:14:15.186Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: "implementor's stand-up" will be scheduled after DID draft is final
[2018-01-16T17:14:41.554Z]	<manu>	q+ to note that he'll be on a train possibly during the DID Spec office hours call
[2018-01-16T17:14:45.126Z]	<manu>	ack kimhd
[2018-01-16T17:14:56.816Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: next RWOT is March 5-9 in Santa Barbara.  There is a golf tournament, so plan travel appropriately.
[2018-01-16T17:15:19.553Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2018-01-16T17:15:50.057Z]	<kimhd>	voip: connections?
[2018-01-16T17:15:54.948Z]	<rgrant>	rgrant: the golf tournament is for us?  not a travel issue...
[2018-01-16T17:16:16.900Z]	<manu>	q+ to report in on registries
[2018-01-16T17:16:17.335Z]	<rgrant>	First Non-Annual RWoT Disc Golf Tournament Monday March 5
[2018-01-16T17:16:21.847Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	disc golf tournament is "us"
[2018-01-16T17:16:49.457Z]	<manu>	q+ to report in on registries, DID spec reconciliation
[2018-01-16T17:16:51.346Z]	<manu>	q- manu
[2018-01-16T17:17:08.099Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-01-16T17:17:25.851Z]	<rgrant>	cwebber: we talked about object capabilities.  is that in the schedule?
[2018-01-16T17:17:34.588Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: is that an approved work item yet?
[2018-01-16T17:17:56.502Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: we need to formally propose this <describes process>
[2018-01-16T17:18:18.286Z]	<ChristopherA>	2nd Tuesday
[2018-01-16T17:18:22.200Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: is there any reason to wait until February?
[2018-01-16T17:18:37.347Z]	<rgrant>	Topic: Work Items
[2018-01-16T17:18:37.347Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: how about next week?
[2018-01-16T17:19:26.887Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: quorum should include MarkM and other object-capability interest people, which was reason for expecting early February to work.
[2018-01-16T17:19:47.517Z]	<rgrant>	cwebber: <plans to write up this proposal>
[2018-01-16T17:19:48.295Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-01-16T17:20:12.773Z]	<rgrant>	manu: DID spec has pull request ...
[2018-01-16T17:20:56.359Z]	<kimhd>	q+ to ask how to remove action items :)
[2018-01-16T17:20:58.701Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack Manu
[2018-01-16T17:21:01.517Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-01-16T17:21:12.022Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-01-16T17:21:18.786Z]	<manu>	q?
[2018-01-16T17:21:26.206Z]	<ChristianLundkvist>	q?
[2018-01-16T17:21:46.800Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack kimhd
[2018-01-16T17:21:51.153Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: Data Minimization & Selective Disclosure has seen plenty of work, hopefully we can wrap that up before the month is up.
[2018-01-16T17:22:17.547Z]	<rgrant>	kimhd: meta -- do we have an irc command to remove action items from agenda?
[2018-01-16T17:22:44.827Z]	<rgrant>	kimhd: planning to use a clever hack of creating an action item to remove an action item
[2018-01-16T17:22:45.139Z]	<manu>	All registries have been created: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Jan/0050.html
[2018-01-16T17:22:53.557Z]	<rgrant>	manu: all registries have been created
[2018-01-16T17:23:02.066Z]	<kimhd>	action: chairs remove action item "Kim provide feedback on VC Browser API and polyfill re BTCR"
[2018-01-16T17:23:35.407Z]	<rgrant>	manu: update via pull requests
[2018-01-16T17:24:58.490Z]	<rgrant>	manu: not aware of other W3C groups that should manage these registries.  we are on the bleeding edge.
[2018-01-16T17:25:02.780Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-01-16T17:25:20.947Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: DID Reconciliation Proposal
[2018-01-16T17:25:32.518Z]	<manu>	Here is the link to the DID reconciliation -- https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/41
[2018-01-16T17:26:15.466Z]	<manu>	You can preview the pull request here: https://pr-preview.s3.amazonaws.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/41.html
[2018-01-16T17:26:27.726Z]	<rgrant>	manu: this covers all the issues known to be raised in prior conferences and meetings
[2018-01-16T17:26:28.547Z]	<manu>	Diff marked version is here: https://pr-preview.s3.amazonaws.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/41/65f5638...c6db2cb.html
[2018-01-16T17:27:08.302Z]	<rgrant>	manu: we need people to do a review, to see that nothing was missed, and that it represents the consensus
[2018-01-16T17:27:32.946Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2018-01-16T17:27:34.737Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: clarifies that "DID hardening" is ongoing
[2018-01-16T17:27:59.874Z]	<rgrant>	manu: preferred method at this point is github pull requests
[2018-01-16T17:28:12.651Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack drummond
[2018-01-16T17:28:45.487Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: proposal - thursday group offers explanation
[2018-01-16T17:29:06.969Z]	<rgrant>	drummond: proposal - continue Thursday calls only to cover remaining issues
[2018-01-16T17:30:05.369Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-01-16T17:30:18.457Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: one of the risks is that some of the tuesday regulars can't make it on thursday, and there's a potential fork in consensus.  now is a good time for anyone interested to review and make sure their feedback is integrated.
[2018-01-16T17:30:37.570Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: does hope to get engagement model - maybe February
[2018-01-16T17:30:47.131Z]	<manu>	Topic: Outreach
[2018-01-16T17:30:52.853Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: outreach cn be taken to email, but...
[2018-01-16T17:31:12.153Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: we'd like to get an inventory of verfiable claim libraries
[2018-01-16T17:31:46.307Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: we'll reach out to known libraries
[2018-01-16T17:32:32.039Z]	<rgrant>	manu: javascript DID clients, VC test suite <-- not a library yet, just examples
[2018-01-16T17:32:52.386Z]	<rgrant>	manu: examples are in python and javascript
[2018-01-16T17:33:00.747Z]	<rgrant>	manu: developers can wrap in library
[2018-01-16T17:33:43.929Z]	<bigbluehat>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Jan/0049.html
[2018-01-16T17:34:07.669Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: this irc channel will also remain open
[2018-01-16T17:35:14.108Z]	<manu>	Topic: Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) aka Roadmap Review
[2018-01-16T17:35:29.127Z]	<manu>	Attachments are here: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Jan/att-0055/Credentials_Community_Group_2018_WBS.pdf
[2018-01-16T17:37:28.577Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: Roadmap Review
[2018-01-16T17:37:48.795Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: events under CCG umbrella (to be listed later)
[2018-01-16T17:38:13.477Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: <many other things that scribe missed>
[2018-01-16T17:38:48.733Z]	<manu>	q+ to note W3C process (when we get to Q/A)
[2018-01-16T17:38:53.280Z]	<rgrant>	q+ is there a good link to this roadmap?
[2018-01-16T17:39:06.567Z]	<ChristopherA>	+q
[2018-01-16T17:39:14.296Z]	<manu>	q+ ChristopherA
[2018-01-16T17:39:18.551Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: credential handler API and DID spec are well underway
[2018-01-16T17:39:40.658Z]	<manu>	We should totally put this on our landing page.
[2018-01-16T17:39:55.039Z]	<heathervescent>	+1
[2018-01-16T17:40:13.972Z]	<manu>	+1 to use cases for DID Spec
[2018-01-16T17:40:25.687Z]	<ottonomy_>	+1
[2018-01-16T17:40:26.194Z]	<manu>	(we need those to help grease the skids for W3C Process)
[2018-01-16T17:41:11.766Z]	<rgrant>	q-
[2018-01-16T17:42:27.456Z]	<kimhd>	action: @kimhd work Credentials Community Group 2018 WBS graphic onto landing page
[2018-01-16T17:43:08.293Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-01-16T17:43:17.614Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-01-16T17:43:21.852Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: if you know of something that we should be doing, but that is not in the 
 -- above pdf --  then let us know
[2018-01-16T17:43:21.990Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2018-01-16T17:43:24.362Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack Manu
[2018-01-16T17:43:34.115Z]	<rgrant>	manu: clarification on W3C process
[2018-01-16T17:43:38.511Z]	<rgrant>	manu: we need use cases
[2018-01-16T17:44:00.507Z]	<rgrant>	manu: DID specification, to get into standards track, needs several thing.
[2018-01-16T17:44:09.073Z]	<rgrant>	manu: use cases, tag review
[2018-01-16T17:44:22.861Z]	<rgrant>	manu: multiple interoperable implementations
[2018-01-16T17:44:39.119Z]	<rgrant>	manu: demonstrate that there are people who would join the working group
[2018-01-16T17:44:47.701Z]	<rgrant>	manu: these things need to be added to the chart
[2018-01-16T17:44:49.947Z]	<ottonomy>	Interesting that TPAC will be October in France. The organizers of ePIC (themes: ePortfolios, Blockchains, Open Badges, and Identities) were considering Paris or Lyon for October 2018 as well. Maybe they could attach their event on the front or back of TPAC.
[2018-01-16T17:44:55.707Z]	<rgrant>	manu: let's add the chart to the landing page
[2018-01-16T17:45:29.652Z]	<kimhd>	action: chairs ensure we're sending out info about RWoT in Santa Barbara (if not already in progress)
[2018-01-16T17:45:38.756Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-01-16T17:45:50.436Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: we're missing a huge category: data verification
[2018-01-16T17:46:05.994Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: early in our charter, we said we were not going to start a separate group for that
[2018-01-16T17:46:14.254Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: there is probably a whole column here
[2018-01-16T17:46:47.038Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: would love to see manu redraw column1, and dave redraw column2
[2018-01-16T17:47:13.839Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: we have overlap with data verification group, but are you considering a new toplevel or new final reports?
[2018-01-16T17:47:26.349Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: new finals.
[2018-01-16T17:47:47.669Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: maybe manu can answer what the process is
[2018-01-16T17:47:56.327Z]	<manu>	q+ to respond to process.
[2018-01-16T17:48:17.688Z]	<manu>	q+ to respond to process and talk about W3C feedback.
[2018-01-16T17:48:18.471Z]	<manu>	q-
[2018-01-16T17:48:47.926Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: we have not really integrated the work of that group into our work, and it shows up in its absence here.  let's get some boxes on here that are specifically carrying on the work of the data verification group.
[2018-01-16T17:49:18.614Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: for col1 and col2, manu's feedback on 1.1.1
[2018-01-16T17:49:32.947Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: for 1.1.2, not really sure what the future of that is
[2018-01-16T17:49:38.546Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: own working group
[2018-01-16T17:49:44.502Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-01-16T17:49:49.157Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2018-01-16T17:50:27.551Z]	<rgrant>	manu: digital verification: there's no process on what we need to do, other than naturally progress the specs based on their need
[2018-01-16T17:50:33.267Z]	<DavidC>	q+
[2018-01-16T17:50:57.834Z]	<rgrant>	manu: the specs are moving ahead because of what we need out of them
[2018-01-16T17:51:35.087Z]	<rgrant>	manu: W3C staff conversations regarding specs that are using things that don't have specs behind them, are good reasons to start a working group.
[2018-01-16T17:51:54.453Z]	<rgrant>	manu: problem is that W3C normally doesn't start such small working groups
[2018-01-16T17:52:03.327Z]	<rgrant>	manu: we can start it
[2018-01-16T17:52:28.367Z]	<rgrant>	manu: standard chaining is one of the ways that these things get moving
[2018-01-16T17:52:40.547Z]	<rgrant>	manu: we don't have a very clear route for the signature stuff
[2018-01-16T17:52:50.810Z]	<rgrant>	manu: there seem to be a lot of people pulling for the DID spec
[2018-01-16T17:53:54.554Z]	<rgrant>	manu: if we can prove the DID spec has enough interst, and that the people working on these things are the same, then VCWG could move there -- we could combine groups.
[2018-01-16T17:54:24.851Z]	<rgrant>	manu: no idea how we move signature suites forward
[2018-01-16T17:54:36.438Z]	<drummond>	Manu, I thought that you thought the DID spec would go into the VCWG? Why has that changed?
[2018-01-16T17:54:50.506Z]	<rgrant>	manu: DID spec is most likely to transition to a WG, and it might be its own WG, or with verifiable claims
[2018-01-16T17:55:55.479Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-01-16T17:56:41.201Z]	<rgrant>	manu: update LDS spec, and write spec for koblitz signature suite, and write signature suite for the signatures that Sovrin are using
[2018-01-16T17:56:57.532Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: are those eventually going to be proposed recommendations?
[2018-01-16T17:57:12.930Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: they will eventually fit under 1.1.3
[2018-01-16T17:57:37.266Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: a number of these things we will be talking about on "crypto tuesdays"
[2018-01-16T17:57:47.918Z]	<ChristopherA>	q-
[2018-01-16T17:57:50.367Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: we'll put that in 1.1.3, and get that updated
[2018-01-16T17:58:02.239Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-01-16T17:58:31.146Z]	<rgrant>	manu: the weason we don't know which working group, is that they are trying to get very focused with working groups
[2018-01-16T17:59:27.512Z]	<rgrant>	manu: we may be able to craft some text that VCs are using DIDs, so it fits there
[2018-01-16T17:59:57.756Z]	<rgrant>	manu: largely it's driven by W3C management, and they're focused on reducing overhead, but we don't know
[2018-01-16T18:00:10.028Z]	<rgrant>	DavidC: item 5e
[2018-01-16T18:00:15.134Z]	<manu>	With respect to the Browser API, we need browser vendors to support and that will most likely be another WG.
[2018-01-16T18:00:32.107Z]	<rgrant>	DavidC: review privacy and security has already been accomplished
[2018-01-16T18:00:47.526Z]	<rgrant>	DavidC: lifecycle model
[2018-01-16T18:00:49.292Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	action: Remove action item 5e DONE
[2018-01-16T18:02:02.174Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: we'd asked DavidC to let us know what has not been integrated correctly.
[2018-01-16T18:02:34.348Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: we can close this as a completed work item that did not need its own draft, because the items were merged into other documents.
[2018-01-16T18:03:02.986Z]	<rgrant>	DavidC: will draft an email to be put on the agenda for a futuere week
[2018-01-16T18:03:18.947Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: that's a wrap.
[2018-01-16T18:03:40.674Z]	<ottonomy>	Thanks, all. Cheers! Hackathon continues
[2018-01-16T18:04:01.987Z]	<manu>	present+ sporny, longley, vescent, rgrant, squarfed, bigbluehat, christophera, lehn, davidc, otto, kimhd, andrieu, burn, lundkvist, webber, drummond, akila
