[Thu 11:04:22] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Feb/0041.html
[Thu 11:04:37] <gkellogg>	scribe: gkellogg
[Thu 11:04:37] <gkellogg>	manu: last prep meeting before F2F in San Francisco next week
[Thu 11:05:17] <voip-vctf>	16097341186 [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000839] has joined the conference.
[Thu 11:05:21] <manu>	Date: 2016-02-20
[Thu 11:05:21] <manu>	Topic: Current Status
[Thu 11:05:26] <manu>	voip: 839 is RichardVarn
[Thu 11:05:26] <voip-vctf>	Associated RichardVarn with SIP/69.71.222.196-00000839.
[Thu 11:05:52] <gkellogg>	manu: Presentation is done, final report as agood as it can be before F2F, as we need input from people at the meeting.
[Thu 11:06:04] *	Richard (~Richard@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Thu 11:06:48] <gkellogg>	… Ian responded in a way that might seem concerning/problematic. Basically, he thinks we should focus on a narrow set of things, and we’ve responded that we’re trying to gather data to make decisions.
[Thu 11:07:42] <gkellogg>	… Comments may appear to be obstructive, but he gets the benefit of the doubt right now.
[Thu 11:08:37] <gkellogg>	… The report covers what we’ve discussed in the interviews and surveys and makes a suggestion at the end. Nobody is saying we should not do work in this area, as SAML, OpenID-Connect don’t address our needs.
[Thu 11:09:14] <gkellogg>	… We’ve proposed to work on the data model and syntax and analyze if that fits into existing technlogies. That would be the first 1-1 1/2 years of work.
[Thu 11:09:49] <gkellogg>	… We have pushback that protocols exist, such as OpenID-Connect, but it’s not clear. We don’t want to be pulled into the protocol fight.
[Thu 11:10:23] <gkellogg>	… The charter is designed to put a foot into the ground and demonstrate that we can  use these protocols, or to clarify what the issues are with the existing protocols that need to be addressed.
[Thu 11:10:51] <gkellogg>	… I told Ian I would specifically ask the group if we do or do not have concensus on this direction.
[Thu 11:11:21] <JohnTib>	i agree with direction
[Thu 11:11:25] <Richard>	I agree
[Thu 11:11:33] *	dlongley we could also do a +1/-1 proposal
[Thu 11:12:12] <gkellogg>	ShaneM: If you’re looking for voices, I think a measured approach is reasonable. Specifying formats to see if they can be supported with existing technologies is a good first step.
[Thu 11:12:52] <gkellogg>	manu: We’re trying to see if we’re misrepresenting what people said in surveys or interviews.
[Thu 11:14:08] <gkellogg>	JohnTib: I think the direction is good. On the letter I wrote last week, he thought I had disagreed with our direction, as I indicated we should consider nouns and flows. I’m fine with the direction of starting with the data models/ontologies.
[Thu 11:15:08] <gkellogg>	manu: If this comes up again at the F2F and he claims there’s no concensus, as you didn’t discuss use cases with interviewees. We should create a charter to put forth the work and go back to the interviewees again for their concerns.
[Thu 11:15:25] <gkellogg>	q+
[Thu 11:15:25] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: gkellogg
[Thu 11:15:29] <manu>	ack gkellogg 
[Thu 11:15:29] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Thu 11:16:20] <manu>	Gregg: One thing that is clear that this is an area that has been fraught with problems and people are wary about folks coming into this space. That's the sense that I got from interviewees. I think an incremental approach, as frustrating as it may be, is really the only way to move forward a step at a time.
[Thu 11:16:42] <dlongley>	q+
[Thu 11:16:42] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Thu 11:16:47] <manu>	Gregg: That is what the charter of the group should be - only clear way to make progress. A number of interviewees were skeptical that we could do something, but hopeful that something could be done.
[Thu 11:16:49] <manu>	ack dlehn 
[Thu 11:16:50] <voip-vctf>	dlehn isn't on the speaker queue.
[Thu 11:16:51] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Thu 11:16:51] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Thu 11:17:24] <gkellogg>	dlongley: My view is that the interviewees were saying that “yes something should be done, and good luck doing it.” Everyone has different or narrower goals.
[Thu 11:17:47] <gkellogg>	… Problems may come from having a larger vision.
[Thu 11:18:20] <gkellogg>	… I agree we should take small steps, but do so with a larger vision in mind. Talking about data models and syntax allows us to grow in that direction without constraining ourselves to too small a vision.
[Thu 11:18:45] <gkellogg>	… I agree with Gregg, and think it’s the only way forward. But, it’s important what kind of steps we take, and this direciton is a good one.
[Thu 11:19:04] <gkellogg>	manu: I think it’s clear that the VCTF thinks we should go and send that info back to Ian and to the F2F.
[Thu 11:19:13] <manu>	Topic: Use Cases Document
[Thu 11:19:16] <ShaneM>	http://www.opencreds.org/specs/source/use-cases/
[Thu 11:19:28] <manu>	q+ to say how it may change it in the future.
[Thu 11:19:28] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Thu 11:19:30] <gkellogg>	ShaneM: I don’t think the new information changes the use cases right now.
[Thu 11:20:35] <gkellogg>	… The document has been re-structured based discussions here and elsewhere. Theirs basic boilerplate and introduction. I stress that even though we have terminology, we’re not talking about architecture.
[Thu 11:21:00] <gkellogg>	… The terminology section is based on a common terminology used elsewhere.
[Thu 11:22:12] <gkellogg>	… Section 3 Examples talks about flows. This may look like it describes a protocol, but it is not intended to. A simple flow for how we might create a Verifiable claim. The next section describes how Jane might prove her age using this without disclosing too much.
[Thu 11:22:50] <gkellogg>	… The use cases have been pared down. They’re described as Essential or something less.
[Thu 11:23:04] <ShaneM>	It must be possible for any entity to issue a verifiable claim.
[Thu 11:23:31] <gkellogg>	… For each use case, we’ve classified a requirement along with a motivation and then various scenarios that were suggested that led us to believe there is such a requirement.
[Thu 11:23:54] <gkellogg>	… Financial scenarios are pushed to the top, but other supporting scenarios are also included to show wider applicability.
[Thu 11:24:20] <gkellogg>	… The scenarios were not heavily edited to try to stick to the original intent of those describing the scenarios.
[Thu 11:24:45] <gkellogg>	… Use cases are organized by the fundamental task that might be used, issuing, revoking, using, managing, ...
[Thu 11:25:08] <gkellogg>	… I think we’ve done a good job of sticking to original intent and avoiding protocol.
[Thu 11:25:35] <gkellogg>	… Appendix A is extended use cases, is everything organized as in section 4.
[Thu 11:25:44] <manu>	ack manu
[Thu 11:25:44] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to say how it may change it in the future.).
[Thu 11:25:53] <gkellogg>	… It’s definitely a WIP, but is worth showing around.
[Thu 11:25:59] <dlongley>	big thanks to you guys!
[Thu 11:26:11] <gkellogg>	manu: Thanks to the editors working on this stuff.
[Thu 11:26:36] <JohnTib>	q+
[Thu 11:26:36] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib has been added to the queue: JohnTib
[Thu 11:26:40] <gkellogg>	… I think the structure is fantastic; it helps us show people what we’re talking about. I’m comfortable showing the IG and others these use cases.
[Thu 11:27:00] <gkellogg>	… Ian responded and said that the use cases were not part of the work of the VCTF, but I disagreed.
[Thu 11:27:26] <gkellogg>	… In his recent email he said: “That’s fine, we can talk about them, but need to know which the interviewees think we need to address."
[Thu 11:28:13] <gkellogg>	… The way we’re going to pitch to the IG is that we do want to know what’s interesting, but the right way to do that is to write a draft charter and pair the use cases. This allows us to be more specific when soliciting feedback.
[Thu 11:28:38] <ShaneM>	FYI we already winnowed the list - there is all sorts of additional raw material.
[Thu 11:28:57] <gkellogg>	… We’re going to have to pair down into a simpler set for the purpose of the charter. Long term, the group may hand-select use cases vital for the first charter.
[Thu 11:28:59] <manu>	ack JohnTib 
[Thu 11:28:59] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib has the floor.
[Thu 11:29:40] <gkellogg>	JohnTib: Gregg started out by asking if the flows will pass muster. I think they’re increadibly helpful without crossing the line into politically sensitive areas.
[Thu 11:30:25] <gkellogg>	manu: Speaking for myself, I think the editors walked a fine line. It does assert different actors, but that’s part of the problem statement. Diagrams do talk a bit about protocol without calling out specifics.
[Thu 11:31:27] <gkellogg>	ShaneM: Thanks for saying that, we did walk a fine line. Part of that line is that we tried to use the terms in the flows, and the terms are very generic.
[Thu 11:31:41] <gkellogg>	… As long as we’re generic, I think we’re safe.
[Thu 11:32:10] <gkellogg>	dlongley: I think people might look at the flows and nit-pick, and question how it is different or protects privacy. That’s expected, and we should be prepared to talk about it.
[Thu 11:32:26] <gkellogg>	manu: The problem statement and list of requirements is a good response.
[Thu 11:32:27] <JohnTib>	q+
[Thu 11:32:27] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib has been added to the queue: JohnTib
[Thu 11:32:30] <manu>	ack JohnTib 
[Thu 11:32:30] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib has the floor.
[Thu 11:33:05] *	ShaneM notes my other meeting canceled so I can stay
[Thu 11:33:29] <gkellogg>	JohnTib: When I look at the education use cases there are 2 classes covered: one kind is the book company is an authorization scenario to determine if we’re entitled, and maybe issue it.
[Thu 11:33:29] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-0000083a] has joined the conference.
[Thu 11:33:30] *	manu is happy for ShaneM, but sad for a11y.
[Thu 11:33:55] <gkellogg>	… This is a use case which is handled by current technologies pretty well, but we could do better.
[Thu 11:34:39] <gkellogg>	… The veterans affairs or drivers license are quite a bit different. Electronic transcripts gets into territory that is not handled at all. These are truely verifiable claims and not just used to access a resource.
[Thu 11:34:57] <dlongley>	perhaps we need to add competency-based and transcript claim use cases
[Thu 11:35:17] <gkellogg>	manu: it’s good to point out things that aren’t already solved problems.
[Thu 11:35:42] <gkellogg>	… The charter will specify that we do an analysis of existing technologies and this may be a good use case to point out new work necessary.
[Thu 11:36:28] <gkellogg>	manu: I don’t think we can go back to interviewees with use cases by next monday.
[Thu 11:37:30] <gkellogg>	ShaneM: John, if you have some more use cases you’d like to see added, let me know. We didn’t retain everything, and we may have it elsewhere.
[Thu 11:37:57] <gkellogg>	JohnTib: Unfortunately, I’ll be at IMS meeting next week. Maybe after next week we can pair down to a couple of strong use cases.
[Thu 11:39:04] <manu>	Topic: Verifiable Claims Task Force Presentation
[Thu 11:39:10] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1K6VHQ38XCoGfadNmE1OVCkS7hq32XiBfq-iMCVN8o68/edit
[Thu 11:39:46] <gkellogg>	manu: The presentation is an overview of the report. We talk about the purpose of the task force, the problem statement, research data, then go into research findings.
[Thu 11:40:08] <gkellogg>	… These include areas of concensus and areas of concern.
[Thu 11:40:21] *	collier-matthew has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Thu 11:40:32] <gkellogg>	… we then go into specific payments use cases and will resonate with many at the F2F.
[Thu 11:40:54] <gkellogg>	… These includes customer loyalty, shiping goods, proof of gooks, KYC, etc.
[Thu 11:41:41] <gkellogg>	… The next steps we’re being agressive on. We’re saying what we believe we should do next and start socializing the charter so we can iterate/refine based on feedback.
[Thu 11:42:17] <gkellogg>	… One of the things that will come up is that someone will say they don’t think we have concensus and need to start another data gathering excersize.
[Thu 11:42:33] *	Richard has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Thu 11:43:05] <gkellogg>	… If there’s push back, there’s nothing to stop us from going straight to W3C membership. We have the option of going to AC meeting in march or going straight to members instead of coing through W3CM.
[Thu 11:44:02] <gkellogg>	… The biggest disaster that could happen is if we’re not convincing to the 40 people at the F2F. That would reflect badly on going forward. Note that staff was against creating VCTF but were overruled.
[Thu 11:44:25] <gkellogg>	… If we have a greenlight to proceed after next monday, we’ll do so.
[Thu 11:45:29] <gkellogg>	ShaneM: I’m cautioiusly optimistic. Reminder that that staff contact isn’t actually in charge. We can proceed however we, as a TF/IG, believe we should.
[Thu 11:45:40] <gkellogg>	+1 to ShaneM
[Thu 11:46:13] <gkellogg>	manu: I believe that staff is acting in the best interest of W3C and members; if we can convince, that will be very useful.
[Thu 11:46:18] *	collier-matthew (~matt@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Thu 11:46:55] <gkellogg>	… Ian wanted to hear from interviewees. We need to overcome that.
[Thu 11:47:10] <gkellogg>	q+
[Thu 11:47:10] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: gkellogg
[Thu 11:47:15] <manu>	ack gkellogg 
[Thu 11:47:15] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Thu 11:47:29] <manu>	gkellogg: What is the protocol for the meeting - is it open, does it require invitation?
[Thu 11:48:09] <gkellogg>	manu: By invitation, and they’ve been stingy with invitations. I’ll ask.
[Thu 11:48:44] *	dlongley thanks, Gregg!
[Thu 11:49:01] <manu>	Topic: Verifiable Claims Task Force Final Report
[Thu 11:49:15] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dYup3KC2nak3LVTzyapr996TKxDj1w5Eyp4g13rQQBA/edit
[Thu 11:49:43] <gkellogg>	manu: The report could use more editing, but we’re short on time.
[Thu 11:49:57] <gkellogg>	… The first five sections are pretty solid.
[Thu 11:50:55] <gkellogg>	… Concensus/Concern could use more eyes on it. Ian is most concerned with 6.5 “Minimum first step”. If we try to pair it down more, there’s really not much left to be done. That will be the main bone of contention.
[Thu 11:51:39] <manu>	Topic: Draft Charter Proposal
[Thu 11:51:45] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/vctf/charter/proposal.html
[Thu 11:51:54] <gkellogg>	manu: This is not done, and needs a bunch of work. Hoping to spend time on it.
[Thu 11:52:23] <gkellogg>	… We’re proposing data format and syntax work as main work of group, secondary an analysis of how this can fit into SAML/OpenID Connect, etc.
[Thu 11:53:14] <gkellogg>	… We may work on two modles in parallel to address different technologies. In the analysis we can say that they either work within existing protocols, or that there are use cases that can’t be addressed with current protocols.
[Thu 11:53:40] <gkellogg>	… This either requires changes to existing protocols, or that they’re fundamentally flawed which would require a new charter for a group to work on this.
[Thu 11:54:27] <gkellogg>	ShaneM: There’s a risk in even talking about stacks as people may construe this as proposing a solution.
[Thu 11:55:00] *	dlongley yeah, don't specify the techs in the charter, just say we're going to eval what's out there
[Thu 11:55:01] <gkellogg>	manu: We should probably not say that then. We can not specify OpenID/SAML.
[Thu 11:55:01] <gkellogg>	Present+ delorenzo, lehn, law, hofman
[Thu 11:55:58] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM [SIP/callcentric.com-0000082c] has left the conference.
[Thu 11:55:59] <voip-vctf>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000834] has left the conference.
[Thu 11:56:00] *	BillDeL has quit ("ChatZilla 0.9.92 [Firefox 44.0/20160123151951]")
[Thu 11:56:01] <voip-vctf>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000835] has left the conference.
[Thu 11:56:01] <voip-vctf>	Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.174-00000830] has left the conference.
[Thu 11:56:04] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Thu 11:56:04] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: JasonLaw [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000082d], John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000082f], phofmanntsy [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000831], BillDeLorenzo [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000838], RichardVarn [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000839], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-0000083a].
[Thu 11:56:04] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-0000083a] has left the conference.
[Thu 11:56:09] <manu>	voip: disconnect 82d
[Thu 11:56:09] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting JasonLaw [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000082d].
[Thu 11:56:09] <voip-vctf>	JasonLaw [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000082d] has left the conference.
[Thu 11:56:11] <manu>	voip: disconnect 82f
[Thu 11:56:11] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000082f].
[Thu 11:56:11] <voip-vctf>	John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000082f] has left the conference.
[Thu 11:56:15] <manu>	voip: disconnect 831
[Thu 11:56:15] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting phofmanntsy [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000831].
[Thu 11:56:15] <voip-vctf>	phofmanntsy [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000831] has left the conference.
[Thu 11:56:16] *	phofmanntsy (~hofmannp@public.cloak) has left #vctf
[Thu 11:56:18] <manu>	voip: disconnect 838
[Thu 11:56:18] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting BillDeLorenzo [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000838].
[Thu 11:56:18] <voip-vctf>	BillDeLorenzo [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000838] has left the conference.
[Thu 11:56:21] <manu>	voip: disconnect 839
[Thu 11:56:21] <voip-vctf>	Disconnecting RichardVarn [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000839].
[Thu 11:56:21] <voip-vctf>	RichardVarn [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000839] has left the conference.
[Thu 11:56:21] <voip-vctf>	No one is in the conference.

