[2019-03-26T15:57:54.325Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2019-03-26T16:00:42.504Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2019-03-26T16:01:09.797Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2019-03-26T16:01:20.304Z]	<rhiaro>	voip, 92a is rhiaro
[2019-03-26T16:01:25.155Z]	<rhiaro>	voip: 92a is rhiaro
[2019-03-26T16:01:51.912Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2019-03-26T16:02:48.567Z]	<Vaughan>	present +
[2019-03-26T16:03:08.818Z]	<ken>	present+ Ken_Ebert
[2019-03-26T16:03:08.862Z]	<Justin_Richer>	present+
[2019-03-26T16:03:14.631Z]	<yancy>	present+
[2019-03-26T16:03:31.745Z]	<agropper>	present+
[2019-03-26T16:04:09.666Z]	<kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Mar/0053.html
[2019-03-26T16:04:25.735Z]	<Drabiv>	present+
[2019-03-26T16:08:18.611Z]	<ChristopherA>	Scribe: Adrian Gropper
[2019-03-26T16:08:20.136Z]	<lparker>	present+
[2019-03-26T16:08:33.274Z]	<agropper>	Topic: Introductions / Reintoroductions
[2019-03-26T16:08:55.304Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2019-03-26T16:09:09.387Z]	<MosesMa>	present+
[2019-03-26T16:09:13.658Z]	<VipinSun>	present+
[2019-03-26T16:09:50.557Z]	<agropper>	Ken: SW architect with Sovrin, 6 months, VCWG and DID spec soon. Sovrin is a public utility for all
[2019-03-26T16:09:52.114Z]	<chrisboscolo>	present+
[2019-03-26T16:09:45.666Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Announcements
[2019-03-26T16:09:46.407Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2019-03-26T16:10:10.373Z]	<agropper>	Folks are at KNOW
[2019-03-26T16:10:18.043Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.internetidentityworkshop.com/
[2019-03-26T16:10:19.212Z]	<agropper>	IIW April 30-May 2
[2019-03-26T16:10:27.843Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-03-26T16:11:23.405Z]	<agropper>	Kim: DIF SSI Hackathon the day before IIW April 29 - Interop - Usecase definition
[2019-03-26T16:11:26.666Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Progress on Action Items
[2019-03-26T16:11:27.439Z]	<kimhd>	 .	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2019-03-26T16:12:36.086Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/59
[2019-03-26T16:12:36.823Z]	<agropper>	Review survey results - impact and things we might do differently in 2019 Having call in problems, mostly resolved but let us know
[2019-03-26T16:12:52.118Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-method-registry/
[2019-03-26T16:12:52.843Z]	<agropper>	DID Issue #59
[2019-03-26T16:13:06.411Z]	<VipinSun>	No he sent regrets
[2019-03-26T16:13:17.836Z]	<samchase>	present+
[2019-03-26T16:13:19.537Z]	<VipinSun>	Marcus sent regrets
[2019-03-26T16:13:27.712Z]	<agropper>	ChristopherA: Assigning #59 to Drummond and Manu
[2019-03-26T16:14:10.335Z]	<agropper>	Kim: uPort and Dominode missing DID specs
[2019-03-26T16:14:41.963Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/38
[2019-03-26T16:14:46.946Z]	<agropper>	... Create DID Explainer - Burn?
[2019-03-26T16:15:38.891Z]	<agropper>	Burn: Working on DID explainer, resolution vs. dereferencing have affected the work. What the driver is from the TAG? Who is expected to need this? Weekly call with Joe
[2019-03-26T16:16:00.550Z]	<agropper>	Kim: Working with Joe on use cases - need to know the timing
[2019-03-26T16:16:24.513Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/21
[2019-03-26T16:16:28.405Z]	<agropper>	... need update from steering cmt differences on
[2019-03-26T16:17:26.667Z]	<agropper>	Bhodan: Updated issue - enumerates EIP - standards allow you to manage identity - Ethereum relationship to DID
[2019-03-26T16:18:06.445Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-03-26T16:18:16.929Z]	<agropper>	... complex, dynamic, the EIPs change, see GitHub, research this yourself and please add clarity - uPort or ERC725 , please explain difference
[2019-03-26T16:18:53.784Z]	<agropper>	Kim: ERC780 no longer supported by uPort - clims registry -
[2019-03-26T16:19:51.079Z]	<agropper>	Bhodan: ERC725 now has draft 2 and they do use the 780 registry -
[2019-03-26T16:19:52.795Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-03-26T16:20:05.754Z]	<VipinSun>	https://medium.com/uport/different-approaches-to-ethereum-identity-standards-a09488347c87
[2019-03-26T16:20:42.898Z]	<agropper>	Kim: Would be great to have an Eth person. Chairs will follow up on Friday. Don't have a place to have a dicoverable place
[2019-03-26T16:20:53.344Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-03-26T16:21:17.664Z]	<Drabiv>	q+
[2019-03-26T16:21:26.354Z]	<agropper>	Chris: Thanks for the list. Wouldlike to address discoverability issue. Useful to track down the GitHub names of the people involved are
[2019-03-26T16:21:30.330Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2019-03-26T16:22:09.036Z]	<agropper>	...concerned that people are saying they are doing DID but are not actually on this community if they claim support and get their input
[2019-03-26T16:22:29.564Z]	<agropper>	...if people talk about DID let them know to join CCG
[2019-03-26T16:22:32.767Z]	<kimhd>	ack Drabiv
[2019-03-26T16:22:34.403Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-03-26T16:23:12.343Z]	<agropper>	Drabiv: Changing support for 780
[2019-03-26T16:23:49.566Z]	<agropper>	Main Issue of the Day with Daniel B is on tap:
[2019-03-26T16:24:25.364Z]	<agropper>	ChristoperA: Need URL for DIF current project list, wnyone?
[2019-03-26T16:24:45.010Z]	<agropper>	Daniel having a hard time connecting
[2019-03-26T16:25:26.666Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: DIF Report Out
[2019-03-26T16:25:55.114Z]	<agropper>	ChristopherA: CCG is a coordination poinbt among these different efforts, not hust the DID registry but want suggestions for other projects - have them present at CCG
[2019-03-26T16:26:29.668Z]	<agropper>	... for 10-15miuntes once a month - please let chairs know - Ecosystem Participant Presentations
[2019-03-26T16:26:58.204Z]	<agropper>	Kim: We're able to work some different topics for now.
[2019-03-26T16:28:33.190Z]	<agropper>	Kim: Looking for DID initiatives and the pre-IIW hackathon - review upcoming efforts - working groups, etc...
[2019-03-26T16:28:48.944Z]	<kimhd>	DIF site: https://identity.foundation
[2019-03-26T16:28:52.729Z]	<achughes>	present+
[2019-03-26T16:29:54.944Z]	<agropper>	Daniel: Productive sessions at KNOW. Working and to discuss on April 29 - 1) DID Authentication with encryption added with docs and OIDC compatible
[2019-03-26T16:30:07.139Z]	<agropper>	... with Mike Jones
[2019-03-26T16:30:10.575Z]	<kimhd>	DIF working groups: https://identity.foundation/#wgs
[2019-03-26T16:30:31.016Z]	<agropper>	... hoping to codify that and provide a library
[2019-03-26T16:30:55.211Z]	<kimhd>	sidetree: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/sidetree-core
[2019-03-26T16:31:27.579Z]	<agropper>	... another thing Sitetree? Overlay protocol for blockchains to achieve scaled volumes - Microsoft 30-40K / sec DID Auth
[2019-03-26T16:31:59.397Z]	<agropper>	... 1% consumptopon on test chain. No signatories or censorship
[2019-03-26T16:32:27.838Z]	<agropper>	... also a group on Ehtereum method to direct ???
[2019-03-26T16:32:55.834Z]	<kimhd>	Claims WG: https://identity.foundation/working-groups/claims-credentials.html
[2019-03-26T16:33:59.318Z]	<agropper>	... also claims manifest - you construct as an issuing party in order to get a claim - 3 of these or 5 of those, etc... Want people to know what they need
[2019-03-26T16:34:14.785Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-03-26T16:34:15.516Z]	<agropper>	... also Universal Resolver, of course
[2019-03-26T16:34:35.924Z]	<agropper>	Are you using the Claims Manifest?
[2019-03-26T16:35:08.744Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2019-03-26T16:35:25.584Z]	<agropper>	Daniel: Issuer would say what they need as input in order to satisfy the issue. Does not describe the claim you get itself
[2019-03-26T16:35:53.659Z]	<agropper>	Ken: Also usable on the verifier end maybe - symmetry interesting to explore
[2019-03-26T16:36:39.105Z]	<agropper>	Daniel: How do you find a manifest? is a general problem.
[2019-03-26T16:38:09.907Z]	<agropper>	Kim: Claims Manifest need more examples - some of us haven't gotten to open systems yet - anyone interested please get involved
[2019-03-26T16:38:18.218Z]	<VipinSun>	Claims manifest issuer<->and also verifier?
[2019-03-26T16:38:35.973Z]	<agropper>	... list of working groups needed How do people get involved in DID Auth
[2019-03-26T16:39:25.697Z]	<agropper>	Daniel: Oliver T will chair DID Auth workgroup to come - working with Mike Jones - shaping roadmap for production - starting soon
[2019-03-26T16:40:03.984Z]	<kimhd>	https://identity.foundation/working-groups/identifiers-names-discovery.html
[2019-03-26T16:40:17.116Z]	<agropper>	Kim: Other working groups? Identifier name discovery?
[2019-03-26T16:41:25.194Z]	<kimhd>	https://identity.foundation/working-groups/storage-compute.html
[2019-03-26T16:41:26.715Z]	<agropper>	Daniel: Universal Resolver and have a number of them. Sidetree stuff is major. Microsoft will use and announce in April. These atr the two big
[2019-03-26T16:41:27.366Z]	<VipinSun>	Universal resolver? Any bridge to legacy systems like Finargo or Gemalto?
[2019-03-26T16:41:40.311Z]	<agropper>	Kim: Storage and Compute WG?
[2019-03-26T16:42:03.492Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-03-26T16:42:10.837Z]	<kimhd>	ack kimhd
[2019-03-26T16:42:33.238Z]	<agropper>	Daniel: Persoanl data store and Identiity Hubs for storing user idenity data - not just for claims but also for application data - a serverless vision -
[2019-03-26T16:42:49.584Z]	<agropper>	... across a set of replicated synced devices
[2019-03-26T16:43:33.012Z]	<agropper>	Kim: Universal Resolver bridge to legacy systems like Finargo or Gemalto
[2019-03-26T16:44:15.393Z]	<samchase>	is there anything connecting to webid?
[2019-03-26T16:45:32.824Z]	<Drabiv>	What is the difference between DIF and CCG, W3C DID working group? Why DIF (in general)? Who is it for? DIF participants?
[2019-03-26T16:45:47.307Z]	<agropper>	Daniel: Microsoft working on Identity Experience Framework - claims transformation - making DID claim digestible by Azure -
[2019-03-26T16:46:34.528Z]	<agropper>	Bhodan: What is the difference between DIF and W3C and CCG? What kind of companies?
[2019-03-26T16:47:57.590Z]	<agropper>	Daniel: DIF is a pre-standards. Will front-run some stuff to speed things up. Might not be a W3C thing. Registry things are an example. Because DIF is not an SDO they can do more stuff
[2019-03-26T16:48:17.004Z]	<agropper>	... Claims Manifest are an example of industry need come to light
[2019-03-26T16:48:36.346Z]	<agropper>	... DIF gathers industry use cases and drives to
[2019-03-26T16:50:47.844Z]	<agropper>	Kim: DIF is complementary to CCG - communications more open - universal resolver is a great example - incubation of future standards -
[2019-03-26T16:51:05.707Z]	<agropper>	... in VC it's useful to have more use case info
[2019-03-26T16:51:05.978Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-03-26T16:51:47.723Z]	<agropper>	Kim: Wrapping up??? Anyone? Next wee we present the Survey
[2019-03-26T16:54:59.199Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2019-03-26T16:55:21.685Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 948
[2019-03-26T16:55:27.020Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 929
