[2018-08-07T15:56:31.263Z]	<Moses>	Good morning everyone!
[2018-08-07T15:58:10.918Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+ Christopher Allen
[2018-08-07T15:58:47.331Z]	<mike-lodder>	present+
[2018-08-07T15:58:50.021Z]	<ChristopherA>	voip: 3ba is Christopher Allen
[2018-08-07T15:58:54.873Z]	<achughes>	present+
[2018-08-07T16:00:22.283Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Aug/0014.html
[2018-08-07T16:00:30.294Z]	<mike-lodder>	present+ Mike Lodder
[2018-08-07T16:00:48.374Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2018-08-07T16:00:57.089Z]	<TallTed>	present+ Mike_Lodder
[2018-08-07T16:01:11.990Z]	<manu>	present+ Manu_Sporny
[2018-08-07T16:01:30.110Z]	<dlongley>	present+ Dave_Longley
[2018-08-07T16:01:30.174Z]	<manu>	present+ Linus_Gasser
[2018-08-07T16:01:46.660Z]	<manu>	present+
[2018-08-07T16:01:49.326Z]	<manu>	present+ gasser
[2018-08-07T16:01:52.079Z]	<manu>	present+ dlongley
[2018-08-07T16:01:52.588Z]	<TallTed>	present+ ChristopherA
[2018-08-07T16:03:00.759Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	ChrisA: Standard IP warnings. Standard IRC reminder-- use the IRC to queue up (q+).
[2018-08-07T16:03:19.680Z]	<JoeAndrieu> voip: 3cd is JoeAndrieu
[2018-08-07T16:03:22.813Z]	<ineiti> does sip work? Mine tries to connect but then gives up...
[2018-08-07T16:03:25.303Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2018-08-07T16:03:31.679Z]	<ineiti> First time I use linphone.
[2018-08-07T16:03:44.409Z]	<kimhd>	voip: connections?
[2018-08-07T16:03:49.246Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... The scribes are Lionel W and ...
[2018-08-07T16:03:50.292Z]	<ChristopherA>	scribe: Lionel_Wolberger
[2018-08-07T16:04:04.600Z]	<heathervescent> Heathervescent is co-scribe
[2018-08-07T16:04:06.624Z]	<lparker> present+
[2018-08-07T16:04:20.320Z]	<Yancy>	present+
[2018-08-07T16:04:23.266Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	present+
[2018-08-07T16:04:26.034Z]	<brynosaurus>	present+
[2018-08-07T16:04:27.220Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2018-08-07T16:04:27.691Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2018-08-07T16:04:38.626Z]	<riichard>	present+
[2018-08-07T16:04:39.876Z]	<mtfk>	present+
[2018-08-07T16:04:40.021Z]	<ineiti> what works best on mac?
[2018-08-07T16:04:42.983Z]	<Udi>	present+
[2018-08-07T16:04:54.101Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger> kimhd: Type present+ to help associate
[2018-08-07T16:04:55.295Z]	<manu>	voip: numbers?
[2018-08-07T16:05:00.661Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2018-08-07T16:05:10.671Z]	<kezike>	I have found Jitsi to work well on Mac
[2018-08-07T16:05:16.828Z]	<drabiv>	voip: 3d2 is drabiv
[2018-08-07T16:05:18.083Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	ChrisA: For IRC Chris uses "IRC Cloud", there are many other apps or use the web link in the invitation
[2018-08-07T16:05:25.089Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Today's focus: Proof of Personhood.
[2018-08-07T16:05:26.933Z]	<kezike>	present+
[2018-08-07T16:05:28.002Z]	<drabiv>	present+
[2018-08-07T16:05:28.144Z]	<burn>	present+
[2018-08-07T16:05:33.532Z]	<manu>	present+ drabiv
[2018-08-07T16:05:42.984Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Turning to a re-introduction. Today's victim is.... <scribe joke>
[2018-08-07T16:05:47.204Z]	<manu>	Topic: Introductions
[2018-08-07T16:05:47.824Z]	<Udi>	q+
[2018-08-07T16:05:54.630Z]	<mtfk>	q+
[2018-08-07T16:05:57.725Z]	<apowers>	present+
[2018-08-07T16:06:01.512Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack udi
[2018-08-07T16:06:08.430Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack Udi
[2018-08-07T16:06:14.203Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Udi: Udi Shapiro Weitzmann Institutue currently at W___ Siwtzerland
[2018-08-07T16:06:25.614Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... was an internet pioneer, for a while did Biology
[2018-08-07T16:06:30.233Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack mtfk
[2018-08-07T16:06:30.483Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... now turning to distributed identities
[2018-08-07T16:06:33.815Z]	<markus_sabadello>	voip: 3c2 is markus_sabadello
[2018-08-07T16:06:46.696Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2018-08-07T16:06:48.542Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-08-07T16:06:51.381Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	MTFK: Introducing himself. Robert, from Poland, representing ___
[2018-08-07T16:06:52.967Z]	<brynosaurus>	q+
[2018-08-07T16:07:16.344Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... community building self-sovereign identity solution and a new blockchain that seeks to combine identity issues that this W3C working group deals with
[2018-08-07T16:07:19.024Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack bry
[2018-08-07T16:07:21.702Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack brynosaurus
[2018-08-07T16:07:30.662Z]	<markus_sabadello>	Robert from Poland, representing Lab10 collective in Austria
[2018-08-07T16:07:31.142Z]	<jungly_>	present+ Kulpreet
[2018-08-07T16:07:49.393Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	BryanFord: Introduction. professor Comp Sci at EPFL, decentralized and distrib. systems security and privacy focus of many years
[2018-08-07T16:07:55.761Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... proposed pseudonym parties a while ago.
[2018-08-07T16:08:02.336Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... working on makeing this vision real
[2018-08-07T16:08:17.862Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-08-07T16:08:28.403Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... very interested in democracy, voting, cdeveloping technology to support democracy in secure interaction, and increase the reliability of these technological solutions
[2018-08-07T16:08:32.603Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	ChrisA: Reintroductions
[2018-08-07T16:09:10.331Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Dan Burnett: Recently joined Consensus, on a standards team there.
[2018-08-07T16:09:15.070Z]	<ineiti>	Linus Gasser joining via skype to UK...
[2018-08-07T16:09:17.142Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... this after a focus on Web RTC
[2018-08-07T16:09:25.502Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... is a co-chair on the verifiable claims working group
[2018-08-07T16:09:34.228Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... standardizing the data model being discussed here
[2018-08-07T16:10:08.542Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2018-08-07T16:10:11.482Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Joined originally due to personal interest. The approaches to identity taken in this group, I feel, will lead to a better world for individuals and their agendas in the real world.
[2018-08-07T16:10:16.261Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Topic: Review announcements
[2018-08-07T16:10:30.302Z]	<kimhd>	q+ for scribe training
[2018-08-07T16:10:31.093Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	ChrisA: Github webpage, review announcements
[2018-08-07T16:10:46.695Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... MyData conference end of August will have some members
[2018-08-07T16:10:52.909Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... RWoT is Sept 26, Toronto
[2018-08-07T16:11:03.912Z]	<ChristopherA>	rwot7.eventbrite.com
[2018-08-07T16:11:10.842Z]	<achughes>	q+ Sovrin F2F prior to MyData
[2018-08-07T16:11:20.305Z]	<heathervescent>	RWOT details & tickets: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-vii-fall-2018-toronto-on-ca-tickets-48527570269
[2018-08-07T16:11:40.761Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... TPAC this October. The DID incubated proposal is reaching a point where it can become a working group (as we did with Verifiable Claims)
[2018-08-07T16:11:52.922Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... DID will need evangelization, this will happen at Lyons France
[2018-08-07T16:12:01.766Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... IIW is also that week in October
[2018-08-07T16:12:21.222Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-08-07T16:12:29.769Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack kimhd
[2018-08-07T16:12:38.202Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	KimHD: Announcing the scribe training
[2018-08-07T16:12:43.708Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... August 17th noon Pacific
[2018-08-07T16:12:57.193Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... the scribe training will be scribed
[2018-08-07T16:13:20.710Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	ChrisA: Reminder, all our meetings are public, open, and recorded by an automated service.
[2018-08-07T16:13:26.602Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack achughes
[2018-08-07T16:13:50.335Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	AndrewH: Sovrin Foundation is having a Face to face Aug 27-28 prior to the conference, in Helsinki
[2018-08-07T16:14:06.293Z]	<ChristopherA> Topic: Action items
[2018-08-07T16:14:08.774Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item
[2018-08-07T16:14:24.566Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2018-08-07T16:14:51.770Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-08-07T16:14:56.482Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-08-07T16:15:13.581Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	JoeA: Where are we on the video ??
[2018-08-07T16:15:20.808Z]	<heathervescent>	Unedited video link: https://youtu.be/vcL3ffgGEJM
[2018-08-07T16:15:26.542Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Answer: The unedited video is on YouTube
[2018-08-07T16:15:39.162Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... in the process of editing it
[2018-08-07T16:16:12.491Z]	<heathervescent>	Andrew, Screenflow is a great video editor.
[2018-08-07T16:16:16.451Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	ChrisA: Reminder, our docs use a github friendly format called, Respec. This gives us header and other formatting consistent with W3C
[2018-08-07T16:16:25.205Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-08-07T16:16:28.655Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-08-07T16:16:30.710Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... also makes it easier to use in github, allows for easier commenting, etc.
[2018-08-07T16:16:36.262Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: DID Spec update.
[2018-08-07T16:16:59.534Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-08-07T16:17:07.213Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... the editors have been really busy, so we are delayed on the use cases, delayed on companies wanting to see DIDs become a working group.
[2018-08-07T16:17:27.482Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Good news, the charter seems to be ready (no arguments against)
[2018-08-07T16:17:36.222Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Primer, Seems ready
[2018-08-07T16:17:50.710Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2018-08-07T16:17:51.569Z]	<achughes>	Yes, the DID-primer is into basic ReSpec format now
[2018-08-07T16:17:51.692Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	FWIW, I added creating Amira repo as action item
[2018-08-07T16:17:54.607Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	.... would help to prioritize this work
[2018-08-07T16:17:56.722Z]	<cwebber2>	q+ to discuss ocap-ld
[2018-08-07T16:17:57.736Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Topic: Work Items
[2018-08-07T16:18:13.162Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-08-07T16:18:18.262Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack cwebber2
[2018-08-07T16:18:41.304Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	ChrisWebber: There was a period when OCAP had some implementation work done.
[2018-08-07T16:18:46.769Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... recently some more spec work
[2018-08-07T16:18:48.322Z]	<cwebber2>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/ocap-ld/pull/18
[2018-08-07T16:18:58.912Z]	<manu>	q+ to note implementation breakthroughs on HTTP OCAP Auth ... HTTP DID Auth on top of HTTP Signatures...
[2018-08-07T16:19:18.849Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Reworked things so that the target itself is the capability
[2018-08-07T16:19:31.722Z]	<cwebber2>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/ocap-ld/issues/15
[2018-08-07T16:19:33.971Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... this means that the capability can invoke itself. This is very amenable to blockchain usage
[2018-08-07T16:19:58.724Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-08-07T16:19:58.862Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	ChrisA: Real potential in this OCAP work. This is a new architecture that is potentially powerful.
[2018-08-07T16:20:03.674Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-08-07T16:20:24.842Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Just shipped OCAP implementations to customers this past week. Feedback so far is really good
[2018-08-07T16:20:42.082Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... learning quite a bit about using OCAPs to do authorization over HTTP
[2018-08-07T16:20:57.312Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... the signatures, OCAP signatures, DID__ over http, all coming together nicely
[2018-08-07T16:20:58.556Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-08-07T16:21:12.527Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... real code on real customer systems. looking good. not perfect, but looking good
[2018-08-07T16:21:35.812Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	ChrisA: Internet Archive hosted a well received event, about 120 people mostly developers and engineers
[2018-08-07T16:21:50.468Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... to try to envision the future of decentralized internet
[2018-08-07T16:22:00.822Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... followed by an event at the SF Mint, more people (c. 400)
[2018-08-07T16:22:14.865Z]	<bigbluehat>	present+ Benjamin_Young
[2018-08-07T16:22:16.523Z]	<dan>	Can someone add me to the queue?
[2018-08-07T16:22:21.422Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: 03eb is bigbluehat
[2018-08-07T16:22:26.222Z]	<dlongley>	q+ dan
[2018-08-07T16:22:28.062Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-08-07T16:22:34.722Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... many demos of decentralized web; about 25%-33% were talking about DIDs, lots of other activity as well
[2018-08-07T16:22:38.011Z]	<dan>	q+
[2018-08-07T16:22:40.702Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack dan
[2018-08-07T16:22:58.790Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Dan: Implemented a form of DID Auth
[2018-08-07T16:23:11.150Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... doesn't have repudiation, but uses DID Auth
[2018-08-07T16:23:23.822Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... mandate is to square this away with Sovrin stuff
[2018-08-07T16:23:35.162Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... and plan to open source it after code review
[2018-08-07T16:23:48.982Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... this should be a standardized way that we will share
[2018-08-07T16:23:55.891Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-spring2018/blob/master/final-documents/did-auth.md
[2018-08-07T16:24:25.267Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-08-07T16:24:26.194Z]	<heathervescent>	This is a fantastic paper! Thanks all.
[2018-08-07T16:24:27.484Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	ChrisA: DID Auth document from RWoT, which was a survey of AuthZ and AuthN uses, was released as a final draft, link above
[2018-08-07T16:24:30.311Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack dan
[2018-08-07T16:24:57.326Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Kim: More comments on decentralized web
[2018-08-07T16:25:04.033Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... panel by Markus, panel by Kaliya
[2018-08-07T16:25:10.082Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+ about dweb
[2018-08-07T16:25:12.203Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Markus's panel covered 6 different DID methods
[2018-08-07T16:25:28.695Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Audience ranged from very technical to use-case focused
[2018-08-07T16:25:42.169Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... a lot of attention to trust. Which DID methods are reputable?
[2018-08-07T16:25:51.902Z]	<dan>	q+ for DWeb info/feedback
[2018-08-07T16:26:01.570Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Another question, should we be building this? Answer, we point to security and VC specification
[2018-08-07T16:26:12.822Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... pointing to best practices really helps answer these questions
[2018-08-07T16:26:15.783Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack markus_sabadello
[2018-08-07T16:26:18.023Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... great sounding board there
[2018-08-07T16:26:26.987Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Markus: ditto ditto
[2018-08-07T16:26:27.830Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-08-07T16:26:41.142Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Fantastic event. Identity was only part of it, but an important part.
[2018-08-07T16:26:52.122Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... More than 4 identity sessions
[2018-08-07T16:27:07.516Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... DID Auth paper: thanks for publishing it, shout out to everyone particularly Shannon
[2018-08-07T16:27:20.304Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack dan
[2018-08-07T16:27:20.370Z]	<dan>	https://hackmd.io/8onA9y7zSPGF4r5Rg17UAQ?view
[2018-08-07T16:27:27.531Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... it's NOT A SPEC (reminding everyone again). More a survey of thoughts on what DID Auths can look like.
[2018-08-07T16:27:35.263Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Dan: DWeb more comments
[2018-08-07T16:27:52.262Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... During browser vendor talk, noticed
[2018-08-07T16:28:00.831Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... google and firefox see this as low level components
[2018-08-07T16:28:13.343Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... google particularly seem to be taking a dim view. Their rep is an outright oponent
[2018-08-07T16:28:19.452Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... sat with Sir Tim BL
[2018-08-07T16:28:32.423Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... talked about the data stores and why they matter.
[2018-08-07T16:28:45.346Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Microsoft, Sovrin, if they can align further, that is a worthy goal
[2018-08-07T16:29:08.504Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... During Markus session: This issue: For W3C we see open registry a place where anyone can put a DID doc that is compatible
[2018-08-07T16:29:25.522Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... we are looking beyond that, if we had subjective industry quality standards that could help
[2018-08-07T16:29:44.174Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... e.g. would it be appropriate if a non-W3C group came along and did things, is that a good idea.
[2018-08-07T16:30:08.242Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	ChrisA: If it can be tested, W3C is a good place. For more subjective scenarios, other places are better.
[2018-08-07T16:30:23.622Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... The DWeb did help move DID towards WG status.
[2018-08-07T16:30:35.631Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Topic: proof of personhood
[2018-08-07T16:30:40.891Z]	<ChristopherA>	http://bford.info/tmp/0807-w3c-pseudonym-parties.pdf
[2018-08-07T16:31:19.704Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Bryan: Proof of personhood was born a few years ago
[2018-08-07T16:31:32.302Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... a lot of the internet is broken due to Sybil attack vulnerability
[2018-08-07T16:31:32.582Z]	<heathervescent>	Brian Ford/Brynosaurus: POP comes from a few years ago, problem comes from Sybil attacks.
[2018-08-07T16:31:44.622Z]	<heathervescent>	... the internet doesn't have a way to distinguish btwn real and fake ppl.
[2018-08-07T16:31:51.550Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Heather: thanks for scribe takeover! :->
[2018-08-07T16:32:00.043Z]	<heathervescent>	... manifests in many forms: online ballets, attempts at undermine democracy
[2018-08-07T16:32:06.395Z]	<heathervescent>	... up/down votes, fake reviews, etc.
[2018-08-07T16:32:26.042Z]	<heathervescent>	... soft puppetry, re: wikipedia, create fake personas to support own causes,
[2018-08-07T16:32:32.582Z]	<heathervescent>	... bots with fake news.
[2018-08-07T16:32:48.482Z]	<heathervescent>	... nation state funded
[2018-08-07T16:33:24.471Z]	<heathervescent>	... I have been a privacy/anony for a long time. The right to participate online, vs the vulnerability (wack-a-mole problems) e.g. service can ban then, but they can come back under another name.
[2018-08-07T16:33:43.603Z]	<heathervescent>	... this is a fundamental problem. Read the Sybil attack, paper... (link forthcoming)
[2018-08-07T16:34:10.043Z]	<heathervescent>	... many solutions have been attempted, multiple ways (e.g. bitcoin/cryptocurrencies, POW (proof of work) tries to solve, but fails.)
[2018-08-07T16:34:22.043Z]	<heathervescent>	... Conclusion of the broad spectrum of the problem
[2018-08-07T16:34:57.582Z]	<heathervescent>	... Solution space: obvious solutions - use real names... (there are up/downsides)
[2018-08-07T16:35:01.642Z]	<heathervescent>	... but you can use other approaches.
[2018-08-07T16:35:07.968Z]	<heathervescent>	... e.g. biometrics
[2018-08-07T16:35:18.070Z]	<heathervescent>	... alternately, you can introduce a barrier to entry
[2018-08-07T16:35:35.156Z]	<heathervescent>	... graph analysis
[2018-08-07T16:36:06.869Z]	<heathervescent>	... ppt goes through strengths/weakness for each potential solution
[2018-08-07T16:36:35.602Z]	<heathervescent>	... Real names - already in use for banks,
[2018-08-07T16:36:53.582Z]	<heathervescent>	... cons, not really secure (and other in the ppt)
[2018-08-07T16:38:51.223Z]	<heathervescent>	... Biometrics: rely on devices, pros: efficient & biometrically secure, & people always have them (good for undocumented people). Used with Aadhar. Big Downsides: worse privacy issues, surveillance, delicious centralized attack surface, to prevent sybil attacks - both false positives & negatives
[2018-08-07T16:39:46.610Z]	<heathervescent>	... fake biometrics can be created through one hacked scanner... and near impossible to detect. Big cost.
[2018-08-07T16:41:11.247Z]	<heathervescent>	... Graph analysis ... two papers - good to read if you're interested.
[2018-08-07T16:41:26.031Z]	<heathervescent>	promiscuous friending... love that term!
[2018-08-07T16:42:05.005Z]	<drabiv>	q+ about "promiscuous" friending
[2018-08-07T16:42:21.823Z]	<heathervescent>	... Propose pseudonym parties. Goal: want sybil resistance
[2018-08-07T16:42:48.174Z]	<heathervescent>	... a personhood attribute
[2018-08-07T16:43:11.094Z]	<heathervescent>	... independent of physical person attributes. Want it to be a secure token attesting that the holder of the token represents one real person.
[2018-08-07T16:43:24.281Z]	<heathervescent>	(reminds me of what David Birch talks about a lot.)
[2018-08-07T16:44:23.388Z]	<heathervescent>	... Verify personhood w/out biometrics, ID...
[2018-08-07T16:44:48.422Z]	<heathervescent>	... there are downsides to this idea: it requires organization in the physical world. It requires people to show up in person to an event.
[2018-08-07T16:45:09.225Z]	<heathervescent>	... IR world, people show up to events, would like to piggyback on this kind of event.
[2018-08-07T16:45:14.842Z]	<heathervescent>	... a physical world cost.
[2018-08-07T16:45:21.462Z]	<heathervescent>	... How to do this? Still figuring it out.
[2018-08-07T16:45:36.810Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://drive.switch.ch/index.php/s/XrIVRaPbgwnZ677
[2018-08-07T16:45:47.369Z]	<brynosaurus>	Some references:
[2018-08-07T16:45:52.894Z]	<brynosaurus>	Original Pseudonym Parties paper (2008): http://bford.info/pub/net/sybil.pdf
[2018-08-07T16:46:12.115Z]	<heathervescent>	Linus Gasser: want one token per person
[2018-08-07T16:46:12.561Z]	<brynosaurus>	Blog post contrasting to "Real Names" policies: https://bford.github.io/2015/10/07/names.html
[2018-08-07T16:46:27.314Z]	<heathervescent>	... identify a person, but not *who* they are
[2018-08-07T16:46:29.372Z]	<brynosaurus>	Application to "Proof-of-personhood" cryptocurrencies: http://bford.info/pub/dec/pop-abs
[2018-08-07T16:46:58.187Z]	<heathervescent>	... example, individual send a request, any service can ask you to sign.
[2018-08-07T16:47:08.307Z]	<heathervescent>	... with your token
[2018-08-07T16:47:27.281Z]	<heathervescent>	... q+ (correlation through this token)
[2018-08-07T16:47:37.246Z]	<heathervescent>	q+ (correlation through this token)
[2018-08-07T16:48:17.925Z]	<mtfk>	Project which deals with "Real names" https://www.yoti.com/ - they mange to automate it and make it really cheap.
[2018-08-07T16:52:13.682Z]	<TallTed>	One token per person means supposed "anonymity" fails, certainly in long term, probably in short term.  Think Star Wars --"anonymous" token is held by human who attends both Rebel meeting *and* Imperial Guard meeting?  MAJOR problem here.
[2018-08-07T16:53:00.707Z]	<ineiti>	q?
[2018-08-07T16:53:52.022Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2017/blob/master/final-documents/amira.md
[2018-08-07T16:54:04.829Z]	<mike-lodder>	Token is similar to one time use DID
[2018-08-07T16:54:24.710Z]	<heathervescent>	ChristopherA: Thanks, wanted to share these presentations with the community, because some of us do work in similar space: e.g. Amira.
[2018-08-07T16:54:36.891Z]	<mike-lodder>	Interesting concept
[2018-08-07T16:54:47.471Z]	<brynosaurus>	TallTed: the expected normal mode of operation is that each attendee generates a new public/private keypair for each pseudonym party, so pseudonyms are not linkable over time unless and only to the extent the holder wants to link them explicitly.
[2018-08-07T16:54:55.722Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-08-07T16:54:56.722Z]	<heathervescent>	... would love to plan/implement ideas at RWOT in Toronto. Maybe we can do some Amira class POP at RWOT, IIW and Lyon.
[2018-08-07T16:55:03.311Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack drabiv
[2018-08-07T16:55:50.951Z]	<manu>	q+ to wonder how this scales compared against PGP key signing parties?
[2018-08-07T16:56:00.364Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-08-07T16:56:05.724Z]	<heathervescent>	Drabiv/Bogden: graph analysis: do not agree it is cheap. it depends on the network. From my practice/experiments: 200-300 friends, only 5-7 added new fake identities to their friends. So real people on FB from my experience do not add unfamiliar people to their friends.
[2018-08-07T16:56:26.562Z]	<heathervescent>	... another point: current friending, the edges is not clear. What does it mean to be a friend or connection in Linked In.
[2018-08-07T16:56:54.443Z]	<heathervescent>	... if you know and vouch for this person IRL, and it is not true, you will have a reputation cost. And people will be more strict with creating these edges.
[2018-08-07T16:57:15.262Z]	<heathervescent>	there is noise on the line...
[2018-08-07T16:57:15.675Z]	<manu>	voip: noise?
[2018-08-07T16:57:19.385Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: noise?
[2018-08-07T16:57:38.525Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-08-07T16:57:49.702Z]	<manu>	q-
[2018-08-07T16:58:04.995Z]	<heathervescent>	Brian Ford: those are good points. Don't discount the possibility of creating an adequate trust network.
[2018-08-07T16:58:37.966Z]	<heathervescent>	... getting the required security tends to work against the usability.
[2018-08-07T16:59:02.455Z]	<heathervescent>	... solving the security with usability is hard.
[2018-08-07T16:59:27.831Z]	<kimhd>	I think enough people do that other people end up getting pulled in
[2018-08-07T16:59:35.790Z]	<heathervescent>	... you are right that not everyone does promiscuously friend, but many do. There don't need to be that many people who do it. As long as there are a few, a sybil attacker can get a lot of edges that way.
[2018-08-07T16:59:46.642Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack heathervescent
[2018-08-07T17:00:53.028Z]	<ChristopherA>	I presume these Proofs of Personhood are solely in a context, you'd use a different DID for Empire vs Rebel
[2018-08-07T17:01:06.411Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: noise?
[2018-08-07T17:01:13.483Z]	<ChristopherA>	I suspest that is no "universal" Proof of Personhood
[2018-08-07T17:01:46.586Z]	<heathervescent>	Brian Ford: This is a periodic process. Each of the pseudonym tokens has a limited lifetime. Usable for a certain period.
[2018-08-07T17:01:59.642Z]	<heathervescent>	... doesn't have any information that could tie you to past public keys or instances.
[2018-08-07T17:02:17.422Z]	<kdenhartog>	q+
[2018-08-07T17:02:25.730Z]	<heathervescent>	... you might choose to correlate them, but the generation of them, doesn't inherently create linkable information over time.
[2018-08-07T17:02:44.349Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-08-07T17:02:59.482Z]	<drabiv>	small percentage of people (imo <1%) that would friend "promiscuously" especially even in prohibitive environment  - will be  easylly uncovered/seen
[2018-08-07T17:03:09.101Z]	<heathervescent>	ChristopherA: Is it unlikely there is a universal proof of personhood
[2018-08-07T17:03:31.086Z]	<heathervescent>	Brian Ford: you always want a context. You want the use (of the token) to be in a certain context.
[2018-08-07T17:03:36.136Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-08-07T17:03:39.196Z]	<heathervescent>	... this is a self sovereignty aspect.
[2018-08-07T17:03:58.471Z]	<ChristopherA>	closing queue
[2018-08-07T17:04:25.227Z]	<heathervescent>	... allow you to start over and to link (or not) to your own history.
[2018-08-07T17:04:28.169Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack kdenhartog
[2018-08-07T17:04:44.543Z]	<Moses>	Bye folks
[2018-08-07T17:05:02.852Z]	<heathervescent>	Ken: group formation: DID you have a single group participating at a single time. How to do this for different groups.
[2018-08-07T17:05:14.733Z]	<heathervescent>	Linus: slide 32
[2018-08-07T17:05:23.621Z]	<brynosaurus>	Some of our other earlier work related to unlinkable forums supporting anonymous reputation: https://www.usenix.org/node/194975
[2018-08-07T17:06:02.113Z]	<heathervescent>	Brian Ford: this is one solution we are looking at.
[2018-08-07T17:06:26.753Z]	<TallTed>	"anonymous" branding is fraught with so much peril...  human error is the only thing guaranteed to come up over time.
[2018-08-07T17:06:47.790Z]	<heathervescent>	ChristopherA: Thank you.
[2018-08-07T17:07:02.846Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Cheers, all.
[2018-08-07T17:08:38.099Z] <kimhd> present+ agropper, cwebber, dcc, jungly, drummond, agropper, heather, dmitriz, jarlath, Yancy, Orgel, cycryptr
[2018-08-07T17:09:06.375Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2018-08-07T17:09:12.462Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 3ba
[2018-08-07T17:09:13.499Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 3bd
[2018-08-07T17:09:15.318Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 3cd
[2018-08-07T17:09:18.597Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 3de
[2018-08-07T17:09:26.487Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 3e5
[2018-08-07T17:09:26.564Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 3f2
[2018-08-07T17:09:32.320Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2018-08-07T17:09:35.337Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 3dc
