[Tue 11:05:44] <manu>	scribe: bsletten
[Tue 11:05:50] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Jun/0061.html
[Tue 11:06:44] <manu>	Topic: Terminology Poll
[Tue 11:06:45] <voip-vctf>	19082515136 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ef] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:50] <manu>	https://www.opavote.com/vote/6609369386975232
[Tue 11:07:02] <voip-vctf>	Associated Eric Korb with SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ef.
[Tue 11:07:14] <bsletten>	Manu: Last week we called a poll on terminology. If you have not filled out the poll please do so as soon as possible. It closes tomorrow. We need anyone who has an opinion to weigh in on that.
[Tue 11:07:25] <voip-vctf>	16122174726 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003f0] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:33] <ShaneM>	voip: 3f0 is ShaneM
[Tue 11:07:33] <voip-vctf>	Associated ShaneM with SIP/69.65.34.216-000003f0.
[Tue 11:08:05] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000003f1] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:08:13] <bsletten>	Manu: We are not trying to make permanent decisions, we are just trying align our terminology before sending the documents off.
[Tue 11:08:35] <voip-vctf>	12125583175 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003f2] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:08:39] <bsletten>	Manu: We did it this way because we were pressed for time and didn't have time for multiple polls.
[Tue 11:08:49] <Stuart>	Anyone else having incoherent sound?
[Tue 11:08:54] <bsletten>	Manu: Response is pretty good but still submit your votes for the poll.
[Tue 11:08:57] *	dlongley audio is good for me
[Tue 11:09:11] <manu>	voip: 3f2 is RebeccaSimmons
[Tue 11:09:11] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherAllen [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003e8] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:09:11] <voip-vctf>	Associated RebeccaSimmons with SIP/69.65.34.216-000003f2.
[Tue 11:09:19] <manu>	Topic: Implementer Commitment Summary
[Tue 11:09:28] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/implementers/
[Tue 11:09:39] <voip-vctf>	15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003f3] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:28] <voip-vctf>	Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003df] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:10:57] *	Rebecca (~Rebecca@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:10:57] <bsletten>	Manu: For those that filled out the initial poll on whether or not they agree with the direction of the work, problem statement, deliverables, etc. A number of people are said that they are interested in implementing the standards. We have a new  poll that closes  quickly with a healthy set of responses so far. We are looking for commitment by  organizations with big reach to express interest in deploying these standards.
[Tue 11:11:08] <manu>	Topic: Verifiable Claims Architecture
[Tue 11:11:09] <voip-vctf>	Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003f4] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:11:36] <voip-vctf>	Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003f4] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:11:36] <bsletten>	Manu: This is the primary discussion point for today. We have between three and four proposals on the table depending on how you look at it.
[Tue 11:12:23] <bsletten>	Manu: We have used an architecture for a long time that we've discussed but have never written up in a concise way. We want to give the W3C Membership something that they can easily understand what we are doing.
[Tue 11:12:25] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/architecture/
[Tue 11:13:14] <bsletten>	Manu: We have circled this diagram to a number of people and collected that input to create a separate diagram to find consensus among the positions. We want a coherent view of the architecture.
[Tue 11:13:16] <voip-vctf>	16097341186 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003f6] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:14:14] <bsletten>	Manu: One of the things we found was that it was very difficult and label all of the information. The diagram got very cluttered. The second set of comments were about the information flow diagrams (directionality, push/pull, perspective, etc.)
[Tue 11:14:44] <dlongley>	https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1M2cfMOCbXmMhg8Ar2YeCiRhMsJK-hzkCf1L_hJKMOHY/edit
[Tue 11:14:57] <bsletten>	Manu: In order to try to reconcile this, we tried multiple approaches. dlongley sat down and took a look at creating a unified diagram with the information flows (at this link).
[Tue 11:15:04] <ShaneM>	I think that the arrow directions is a red herring
[Tue 11:15:15] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/architecture/v4/
[Tue 11:15:21] *	Richard_Varn (~Richard_Varn@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:15:29] <bsletten>	Manu: A number of people responded to this. It's an improvement but raised the question about whether we are trying to do too much with one diagram.
[Tue 11:15:55] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/architecture/v4/#verifiable-claim
[Tue 11:16:20] <bsletten>	Manu: One of the things that we weren't doing in the other documents was talking about what a verifiable claim looked like. We now have a graphic around what goes into a verifiable claim.
[Tue 11:16:29] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/architecture/v4/#basic-architecture
[Tue 11:17:06] <manu>	Flow diagrams here: http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/architecture/v4/#use-case
[Tue 11:17:10] <dcrocker>	Did my posting, this morning, commenting on arrows and having the holder register the identifier, make it into the mailing list?  (I don't seem to be seeing list traffic.)
[Tue 11:17:18] <bsletten>	Manu: The block diagram attempts to ignore arrows or labels on the messages. It says here are the roles in the system. If you go to the exemplary use case, we have flow diagrams.
[Tue 11:17:30] <dlongley>	dcrocker: it didn't make it to the list yet (awaiting approval by a human i presume)
[Tue 11:17:34] <bsletten>	Manu: This is where we try to label the flows in the messages.
[Tue 11:17:39] <dlongley>	(since it was your first email to the list)
[Tue 11:18:08] <dcrocker>	So, I'll apologize for posting it here, but think it's useful for the discussion...
[Tue 11:18:09] <bsletten>	Manu: We tried make it into more of a narrative than explain everything in the same image.
[Tue 11:18:24] <dcrocker>	Diagram lines:      An architecture details actors/roles and the relationships among them.  A relationship is more than a line; it has directionality in order to show something about the flow of information.      Flow of information is a higher-level construct, having to do with the transfer of content payload and is different from the lower-level construct of protocol interaction, such as push or pull, which are the underlying mechanism for effecting t[CUT]
[Tue 11:18:29] <ShaneM>	I have a weird concern with the diagrams vs the diagrams elsewhere
[Tue 11:18:39] *	CarlaCasilli has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:18:55] <voip-vctf>	12062286709 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003f7] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:20:10] *	CarlaCasilli (~CarlaCasilli@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:21:36] *	CarlaCasilli has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:21:51] *	CarlaCasilli (~CarlaCasilli@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:21:53] <bsletten>	dcrocker: I think the arrow issue isn't a red herring and helps a reader of the diagram can be extremely helpful to understand what is being done and accomplished. The question is what level of useful things you are showing (abstractions vs protocol). I also think the term Holder conflates the Subject with the registrar of the claim.
[Tue 11:22:27] <bsletten>	ChristopherA: Scribe note, I missed what Chris said about Information Flow vs Knowledge Flow.
[Tue 11:23:22] <Drummond>	I like the diagrams as I'm reviewing them now.
[Tue 11:23:24] <bsletten>	JoeAndrieu: In these conversations, the unity between the holder and the person representing the claims is confusing to me. It seems to me that the claim need not be held by the person asserting it.
[Tue 11:23:50] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:23:50] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:23:57] <bsletten>	JoeAndrieu: And by held I mean "Who controls the digital representation of the claim?"
[Tue 11:23:57] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003f8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:24:04] <burn>	I like the diagrams.  If I had to choose one, it would be v4 because it seems to be the right level of detail
[Tue 11:24:13] <ShaneM>	this should not matter from an architectural perspective
[Tue 11:24:34] <Drummond>	Isn't that the purpose of the term "Holder" and the term "Subject" - one manages the claim and one is the actual subject of the claim.
[Tue 11:24:36] <bsletten>	Manu: The terminology is not nailed down. You can hold onto a set of claims about something else. It is still a topic of discussion to best model what those things are. The data model is flexible. No decisions have been made on the right way to model these.
[Tue 11:25:01] <manu>	Drummond, yes, but /which/ diagrams do you like :)
[Tue 11:25:16] <bsletten>	dlongley: I think generally in this architecture. The role that has agency is the Holder. They are the one who goes out and acquires a claim about a Subject. They also present it. The Subject has no agency generally.
[Tue 11:25:19] <Drummond>	I like them all (seriously)
[Tue 11:25:27] <manu>	(the original /architecture/ ones? or the /architecture/v4 ones? or the /architecture/v4/details/ ones?) 
[Tue 11:25:35] *	manu nods at Drummond 
[Tue 11:26:31] <burn>	Agree with dlongley about Holder vs Subject.  My cat or my car could be a Subject but likely won't be a Holder.
[Tue 11:26:32] <Drummond>	Sorry, I'll be more specific: I like Dave's new "overall" diagram, and I like the /architecture/v4/details/ sequence diagrams.
[Tue 11:26:36] <adamlake>	does the subject ALWAYS have an identifier?
[Tue 11:26:48] <bsletten>	dlongley: On top of that, we have the concept of a credential repository that we have not shown in the architecture diagram because it is part of the Holder. It doesn't have to be the same party of the Holder. It is the party that you store your credentials in, but that could be swapped out. The Holder is the main role for registering and presenting though.
[Tue 11:26:52] <manu>	adamlake, yes
[Tue 11:27:02] <manu>	adamlake, the identifier may be different.
[Tue 11:27:06] <CarlaCasilli>	+1 on what dlongley is saying
[Tue 11:27:10] <stone>	It's Al Gore's big lockbox :)
[Tue 11:27:12] <manu>	adamlake, meaning - there are many types of identifiers.
[Tue 11:28:12] <manu>	dlongley: They'd have the ability to cryptographically prove ...
[Tue 11:28:53] <manu>	dlongley: At that issuer, they provide proof in some way - other claims that they possess - other information, private website, other channel, take a test, doesn't really matter. After issuer evaluates them, party says who they are, proof over subject identifier - claim for subject identifier, hand it over to identifier.
[Tue 11:29:01] <manu>	dlongley: Give it to whatever consumer they want to.
[Tue 11:29:24] <manu>	dcrocker: Question has to do w/ recipient of the claims - whoever contacts the holder, gets the claim from the holder, who is the subject?
[Tue 11:29:56] <CarlaCasilli>	the subject + holder = some form of identity assertion
[Tue 11:30:00] <manu>	dlongley: Who is the claim about - establish identity about subject. 1) proof of posession of subject identifier  and 2) look at claims and where they come from. Claims about pieces of information that they care about.
[Tue 11:30:15] <manu>	dlongley: if claim is made by consumer trusts, they can do something w/ that piece of information.
[Tue 11:30:30] <Drummond>	"the only way the recipient knows who the subject is via the claims" - +1
[Tue 11:30:34] <manu>	dcrocker's audio breaking up
[Tue 11:31:04] <manu>	dcrocker: The model you're describing - collection of claims to refer to how they refer to -popular reference, where has that model been demonstrated to be viable at scale.
[Tue 11:31:26] <manu>	dlongley: Generally speaking, the notion of someone visiting a website today and asserting who they are to a website, previous relationship with the website.
[Tue 11:32:16] <manu>	dlongley: All we're doing with this model is shifting trust - from the website to a 3rd party. Receive claim from issuer - converting to consumer, consumer trusts - can take test, get a good score - all authentication systems in popular systems use that.
[Tue 11:32:22] <manu>	q+ to get us out of the weeds.
[Tue 11:32:22] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: dlongley, manu
[Tue 11:32:25] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Tue 11:32:25] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:32:44] <manu>	dlongley: Google/Twitter/Facebook - this model is no different from that model - 
[Tue 11:33:18] <manu>	dcrocker: This model is completely different - what you're talking about here is building a new trust model on top of that, and it's more distributed in ways than Facebook.
[Tue 11:33:38] <manu>	dlongley: It is true that this is new - if your question is "Has this been proven", the answer is "no, because we're building it now."
[Tue 11:34:03] *	Rebecca has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:35:04] <bsletten>	manu: We are way off in the weeds. What we are trying to do is make some decisions on the set of documents to present to the W3C. We have spent the last 10 min talking about things we've discussed in the last year. We only have this call to make decisions to get the documents to the W3C in the next two weeks. Let's realign on discussing the documents.
[Tue 11:35:25] *	erkorb_rm has quit ("Leaving")
[Tue 11:35:53] <manu>	q+ to ask some direct questions.
[Tue 11:35:53] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, manu
[Tue 11:35:55] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:35:55] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to get us out of the weeds.).
[Tue 11:35:56] <bsletten>	ChristopherA: My preference: Simple arrows are better.
[Tue 11:35:57] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:35:57] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to ask some direct questions.).
[Tue 11:35:58] <gkellogg>	q+
[Tue 11:35:58] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: gkellogg
[Tue 11:36:08] *	erkorb_rm (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:37:23] <bsletten>	manu: Is there a preference for arrows in the diagram? Is an image of the structure of a verifiable claim helpful (and should we include it)? Are flow diagrams that show an exemplary use case helpful? Is a document that attempts to combine those things (kind of what dcrocker is asking for and what dlongley has done) helpful?
[Tue 11:37:25] <manu>	ack gkellogg 
[Tue 11:37:25] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Tue 11:38:20] <burn>	q+
[Tue 11:38:20] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: burn
[Tue 11:38:21] <stone>	+1 for content of a verifiable claim, +1 exemplary use diagrams, +0 on block diagram w/out arrows in the block diagram. haven't captured the essence of the architecture.
[Tue 11:38:22] <bsletten>	gkellogg: The answer to all four of those questions is "yes". I like the v4 versions. I am not sure I prefer the detailed versions. I do think the sequence diagrams helps work through things. I think the all-in-one diagram is a useful way of uni
[Tue 11:38:25] <Drummond>	q+
[Tue 11:38:25] <voip-vctf>	Drummond has been added to the queue: burn, Drummond
[Tue 11:38:27] <manu>	ack burn
[Tue 11:38:27] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor.
[Tue 11:38:31] <Richard_Varn>	varn: I think the detailed is best, the V4 is adequate.  I like seeing the big picture with all the participating entities named such as repository
[Tue 11:38:31] <burn>	(just got dropped)
[Tue 11:38:35] <burn>	q-
[Tue 11:38:35] <voip-vctf>	undefined isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:38:39] <manu>	q+ burn
[Tue 11:38:39] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: Drummond, burn
[Tue 11:38:41] <manu>	ack Drummond
[Tue 11:38:41] <voip-vctf>	Drummond has the floor.
[Tue 11:38:43] <bsletten>	gkellogg: unifying all of the diagrams.
[Tue 11:39:04] <manu>	ack Drummond 
[Tue 11:39:04] <voip-vctf>	Drummond isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:39:06] <bsletten>	Drummond: I like the consolidated diagram for the conceptual picture. I like the sequence diagrams because they are detailed enough.
[Tue 11:39:15] <dlongley>	problem is with keeping this short
[Tue 11:39:15] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/architecture/v4/
[Tue 11:39:23] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/architecture/v4/detailed/
[Tue 11:39:28] <dlongley>	here's the link with all in one: https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1M2cfMOCbXmMhg8Ar2YeCiRhMsJK-hzkCf1L_hJKMOHY/edit
[Tue 11:39:30] <voip-vctf>	14074213242 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003f9] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:39:42] <burn>	(I'm back on).
[Tue 11:40:13] <burn>	q+ to mention that data model will show what is in a verifiable claim but good to have high-level version in architecture
[Tue 11:40:13] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: burn, burn
[Tue 11:40:20] <CarlaCasilli>	Prefer the v4 diagram and the v4 detailed for internal needs / further explanation needs.
[Tue 11:40:32] <manu>	ack burn
[Tue 11:40:32] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor.
[Tue 11:40:32] <stone>	q+
[Tue 11:40:32] <voip-vctf>	stone has been added to the queue: burn, stone
[Tue 11:40:32] <bsletten>	manu: The reason for the detailed diagrams was that dcrocker had put forth the idea of a basic architecture and a more detailed version. We tried to distill it to its essence and then see the more moving parts in the detailed version. I think the proposal is to go with the v4 version and link to the detailed version.
[Tue 11:40:32] <manu>	ack burn
[Tue 11:40:33] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor (to mention that data model will show what is in a verifiable claim but good to have high-level version in architecture).
[Tue 11:41:32] <bsletten>	burn: The data model will show what goes into a verifiable claim. I still think it useful to have a high level view of that in the architecture diagram. But, I wanted to let people know that there will be another document that details that.
[Tue 11:42:25] <bsletten>	ChristopherA: This is intended for AC people who deal with PDFs, maybe not detailed architectural diagrams.
[Tue 11:42:31] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 11:42:31] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stone
[Tue 11:42:35] <bsletten>	manu: We are trying to keep it high level to keep that in mind.
[Tue 11:42:59] *	erkorb_rm has quit (Client closed connection)
[Tue 11:43:22] <bsletten>	manu: We are trying to take the input and deal with it in the short term we have. Several people have been uncomfortable with the amount of churn recently.
[Tue 11:43:26] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 11:43:26] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stone
[Tue 11:43:29] <manu>	ack stone 
[Tue 11:43:29] <voip-vctf>	stone has the floor.
[Tue 11:43:36] *	dlongley yes
[Tue 11:43:58] <burn>	chris, we know that most of the folks will not want to see low-level details.  in practice, though, unless you have more details available (in other docs such as data-model) enough readers will complain that it could derail progress
[Tue 11:44:19] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:44:19] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:44:22] <manu>	q+ to get to a proposal
[Tue 11:44:22] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: dlongley, manu
[Tue 11:44:37] <dlongley>	https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1M2cfMOCbXmMhg8Ar2YeCiRhMsJK-hzkCf1L_hJKMOHY/edit
[Tue 11:44:38] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Tue 11:44:38] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:44:42] <bsletten>	stone: The thing that makes me uncomfortable about the simplified view is that it feels empty and doesn't show me how things are interacting. I am stuck thinking "What am supposed to take away here?"
[Tue 11:45:05] <bsletten>	dlongley: Did you see the other diagram where we had these details?
[Tue 11:46:08] <manu>	Proposal is looking at http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/architecture/v4/
[Tue 11:46:10] <stone>	q+
[Tue 11:46:10] <voip-vctf>	stone has been added to the queue: manu, stone
[Tue 11:47:05] <bsletten>	manu: The proposal take the v4 document with dcrocker's changes, keep section 2, we are going to be standardizing the structure in the first phase, section 3: replace the diagram with dlongley's diagram and then we leave section 4 alone.
[Tue 11:47:10] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:47:10] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to get to a proposal).
[Tue 11:47:11] <manu>	ack stone
[Tue 11:47:12] <voip-vctf>	stone has the floor.
[Tue 11:47:20] <Drummond>	+1 to manu's proposal
[Tue 11:47:31] <burn>	+1 to manu's proposal
[Tue 11:47:54] <stone>	+1 on the concept of  the dlongley diagram - I like the suggestion of ordinality of the relation
[Tue 11:47:55] <bsletten>	stone: I think what you are saying is where I was going. I like this concept of the ordinality of the relationship within the lifecycle of a claim. It influences some understanding of what is going on under the covers.
[Tue 11:48:01] <dlongley>	+1 to the proposal
[Tue 11:48:02] <bsletten>	+1
[Tue 11:48:02] <CarlaCasilli>	+1 on manu's proposal
[Tue 11:48:05] <gkellogg>	+1
[Tue 11:48:34] <Stuart>	+1 on Manu's proposal
[Tue 11:48:56] <ShaneM>	+1 to manus proposal.
[Tue 11:48:56] <Richard_Varn>	+1 on Manu's proposal
[Tue 11:49:12] <dlongley>	q+ to be clear that we'd replace that simple diagram
[Tue 11:49:12] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:49:14] *	ShaneM concerned that we get this harmonized with the other docs; which means we need to stabilize this one ASAP
[Tue 11:49:25] <dlongley>	q-
[Tue 11:49:25] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 11:49:56] <bsletten>	dcrocker: I think it is pretty good. I don't have a strong feeling about the diagrams. I understand what you are going. A first exposure to someone without a background is appropriate with the simplified view. I think the detailed version is a bit busy.
[Tue 11:50:03] *	burn agrees with ShaneM (as an editor)
[Tue 11:50:35] <bsletten>	manu: Do you think you could produce a diagram that takes what dlongley has done and puts it in the way you want to see it? (If it isn't the first diagram you produced)
[Tue 11:50:47] <bsletten>	dcrocker: I will take a pass and see if I come up with anything.
[Tue 11:50:48] <dlongley>	q+ to talk about the arrows being like actions
[Tue 11:50:48] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:51:01] <dlongley>	q-
[Tue 11:51:01] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 11:51:19] <dlongley>	was just going to say that the arrows kind of double as information flow and "actions" taken by the roles in the diagram
[Tue 11:51:31] <bsletten>	manu: We are going to move forward with this proposal. Not a lot of screaming and plenty of +1's.
[Tue 11:51:47] <dlongley>	but agree it's more busy than we'd like.
[Tue 11:51:59] <bsletten>	manu: Any disagreement? No? We're moving on.
[Tue 11:52:05] <stone>	+1 to proposal
[Tue 11:52:01] <manu>	Topic: Primer
[Tue 11:52:12] <manu>	http://bit.ly/1tn2v2a
[Tue 11:52:18] <bsletten>	manu: adam, give us a quick update on the primer.
[Tue 11:52:42] <bsletten>	adamlake: I think it is 90% complete. I'll send another request for feedback to the mailing list. It will probably be the first thing AC reps read.
[Tue 11:53:06] <manu>	Topic: Data Model Specification
[Tue 11:53:06] <bsletten>	manu: We'll take feedback for the next two days and then turn it into an HTML page.
[Tue 11:53:13] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/claims-data-model/
[Tue 11:53:50] <bsletten>	burn: I haven't done any updates in the past week because the focus has been on the architecture diagrams. I will update the data model to reflect what is in the architecture document with respect to the structure of the verifiable claims.
[Tue 11:54:23] <bsletten>	burn: I try to have a version ready before the call, I'll do the update and send it out by email. Keep an eye open for a new version. I think the document is close to complete.
[Tue 11:55:22] <manu>	Topic: Use Cases
[Tue 11:55:31] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/use-cases/
[Tue 11:56:10] <bsletten>	ShaneM: I haven't done anything. I have the stuff from JoeAndrieu which is great. I am trying to integrate the new terminology, update or throw out my diagrams and added in the user perspective.
[Tue 11:57:07] <bsletten>	manu: The data model spec and the use cases are the documents that need to nail them down the least. It will be cleaned up in the Working Group.
[Tue 11:58:10] <bsletten>	JoeAndrieu: It seems some requirements might be a useful output. I am not yet convinced that we directly have a means to address the ID2020 topics. We might, but I don't think we understand well enough whether we do.
[Tue 11:58:40] <bsletten>	manu: We should address that in the Community Group. Working Groups usually take requirements as an input. The requirements now are about a data model and a set of syntaxes.
[Tue 11:59:12] <bsletten>	manu: I have been unable to get use cases and requirements out of folks that were there. We'll continue to work on requirements in the CG and then hand it over to the WG.
[Tue 11:59:33] <bsletten>	manu: The onus is on the ID2020 folks to get the requirements and use cases to us.
[Tue 12:00:19] <dlongley>	rechartering the WG.
[Tue 12:00:26] <ShaneM>	the problem is that the requirements do not in general control the output of a working group once it is launched
[Tue 12:00:31] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-000003f8] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:00] *	Richard_Varn has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:01:21] <manu>	Topic: Items that are "Good Enough" for Review
[Tue 12:01:30] <manu>	   Charter - http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/charter/
[Tue 12:01:30] <manu>	   Verifiable Claims Charter FAQ - http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/charter/faq.html
[Tue 12:01:30] <manu>	   Demonstration of Support - http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/support/
[Tue 12:01:47] <burn>	Agree with Shane.  The requirements process is usually only valuable in W3C groups to help people largely agree on how to proceed.  We can always do more of that as necessary within the WG as long as we don't exceed the charter
[Tue 12:01:48] *	Stuart (~Stuart@public.cloak) has left #vctf
[Tue 12:02:11] <bsletten>	manu: Proposal: The Charter, FAQ and Demonstration of Support documents are done, please review them. Please vote if you haven't on the poll. Send in any comments as soon as possible.
[Tue 12:01:30] <manu>	   present+ trainer, lehn, duane, alok, madlin, kennedy, korb, simmons, delorenzo, chasen, allen, varn
