[2018-11-27T16:59:15.311Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+ ChristopherA
[2018-11-27T16:59:23.554Z]	<Moses>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:00:04.396Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:00:22.061Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:00:30.557Z]	<drabiv>	present+ drabiv
[2018-11-27T17:00:30.727Z]	<mike-lodder>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:00:35.107Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:01:01.930Z]	<manu>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:01:13.137Z]	<manu>	voip: noise?
[2018-11-27T17:01:21.764Z]	<manu>	voip: noise?
[2018-11-27T17:01:31.758Z]	<manu>	voip: mute 93
[2018-11-27T17:01:37.241Z]	<manu>	voip: unmute 93
[2018-11-27T17:01:53.442Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: I can scribe
[2018-11-27T17:01:59.753Z]	<dmitriz>	ah, k, n/m
[2018-11-27T17:02:14.878Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:02:18.511Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:02:19.883Z]	<lparker>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:02:23.970Z]	<kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Nov/0179.html
[2018-11-27T17:02:51.043Z]	<burn>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:02:59.497Z]	<samchase>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:03:11.971Z]	<rgrant>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:03:14.099Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:03:15.313Z]	<manu>	scribe: manu
[2018-11-27T17:03:22.490Z]	<brentz>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:03:24.177Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:03:28.589Z]	<brentz>	voip?
[2018-11-27T17:03:39.284Z]	<manu>	kimhd goes over standard introduction, queueing, present+'ing, etc.
[2018-11-27T17:03:44.313Z]	<ken>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:03:44.585Z]	<manu>	Topic: Agenda Review
[2018-11-27T17:03:44.896Z]	<Yancy_>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:03:50.312Z]	<manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Nov/0179.html
[2018-11-27T17:04:04.184Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Pretty standard intro/reintro
[2018-11-27T17:04:34.444Z]	<manu>	kimhd: possibly review of previous DID pain points, stories - and then working session on DID Explainer for W3C TAG.
[2018-11-27T17:04:50.764Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-11-27T17:04:50.811Z]	<manu>	kimhd: They gave us a template that we should consider
[2018-11-27T17:04:54.416Z]	<jonnycrunch>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:05:27.707Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: There is a line item that says connections check, since we've decided that that's more complicated than it's worth, we don't need to go over it, but didn't update it in our template.
[2018-11-27T17:05:39.184Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Oh, right. We need to update the template.
[2018-11-27T17:06:21.306Z]	<manu>	Topic: Introductions / Reintroductions?
[2018-11-27T17:06:29.685Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Anyone that's new that would like to introduce themselves?
[2018-11-27T17:07:50.790Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Hi, I'm  Kim, one of the 3 chairs of the group - CTO at Learning Machine - we work on verifiable credentials in the educational/occupational space, stems on work from Open Badges.
[2018-11-27T17:08:19.792Z]	<manu>	kimhd: The idea is recipient-centric credentials - I am also on the steering committees for RWoT and DIF, so looking forward for further alignment with CCG and DIF.
[2018-11-27T17:08:32.847Z]	<manu>	kimhd: I'm excited to be a part of this community.
[2018-11-27T17:08:43.829Z]	<manu>	Topic: Reminders and Events
[2018-11-27T17:08:45.552Z]	<Moses>	q+
[2018-11-27T17:08:56.704Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-11-27T17:09:14.946Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.w3.org/Security/strong-authentication-and-identity-workshop/
[2018-11-27T17:09:15.855Z]	<manu>	kimhd: W3C Strong Authentication and Identity Workshop
[2018-11-27T17:09:41.891Z]	<kimhd>	W3c Identity: https://www.w3.org/Security/strong-authentication-and-identity-workshop/
[2018-11-27T17:09:52.810Z]	<samchase>	ack I'm still gonna apply
[2018-11-27T17:09:56.526Z]	<manu>	manu: We're at capacity, but please still join if possible and you really want to go -- only way to go now is if someone else doens't come/accept.
[2018-11-27T17:10:08.170Z]	<manu>	kimhd: RWoT 8 - is coming up
[2018-11-27T17:10:09.244Z]	<kimhd>	RWOT: http://weboftrust.info
[2018-11-27T17:10:20.732Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Also IIW - April
[2018-11-27T17:10:24.145Z]	<kimhd>	IIW: https://www.internetidentityworkshop.com/
[2018-11-27T17:10:36.433Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2018-11-27T17:10:37.697Z]	<kimhd>	ack Moses
[2018-11-27T17:10:52.212Z]	<manu>	Moses: Two things to add - invited Jill to join and speak at Strong Auth and Identity Workshop... ask her to sponsor RWoT.
[2018-11-27T17:11:30.885Z]	<manu>	Moses: Asked Dr. Po Chi Wu to help w/ modeling revenue possibilities for DID Developers... was hoping that someone with a start up would host him and do a call w/ him.
[2018-11-27T17:12:23.272Z]	<manu>	Moses: I can do it, but would like someone else, preferably a startup, to take point on it.
[2018-11-27T17:12:28.307Z]	<jarlath>	II'm can host
[2018-11-27T17:12:35.328Z]	<manu>	samchase: Hey, I'd be happy to host a webinar
[2018-11-27T17:13:06.253Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Progress on Current Action Items
[2018-11-27T17:13:06.375Z]	<manu>	Moses: I'll send out details.
[2018-11-27T17:13:08.090Z]	<samchase>	@jarlath let's chat after the call
[2018-11-27T17:13:08.578Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item%22
[2018-11-27T17:13:28.226Z]	<jarlath>	@samchase sounds good
[2018-11-27T17:13:28.318Z]	<manu>	kimhd: No updates really on action items / work items...
[2018-11-27T17:13:41.204Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-11-27T17:13:42.037Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Work Items
[2018-11-27T17:13:43.604Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2018-11-27T17:13:45.524Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2018-11-27T17:13:49.651Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-11-27T17:14:12.010Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ chair discussion on progress on work items
[2018-11-27T17:14:52.277Z]	<kimhd>	manu: rhiaro to help spec editing
[2018-11-27T17:15:08.131Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-11-27T17:15:09.070Z]	<manu>	kimhd: welcome rhiaro -- very excited about getting help w/ specs.
[2018-11-27T17:15:38.064Z]	<drummond>	voip: connections?
[2018-11-27T17:15:53.292Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Do we have other pending work items?
[2018-11-27T17:16:01.377Z]	<manu>	manu: Not yet, will add them when we have specs.
[2018-11-27T17:16:02.678Z]	<drummond>	voip: 0af is drummond
[2018-11-27T17:16:15.447Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: We need help w/ Work Breakdown Structure - need WBS for 2019 as well.
[2018-11-27T17:16:29.063Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Year end paperwork and planning before the holidays.
[2018-11-27T17:16:33.424Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-11-27T17:17:07.644Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: I'd like to add a bit of clarity, we have a lot of work items, they need to move to be CCG reports, haven't been making progress on them, some of them we may move to another column if people aren't going to move them forward.
[2018-11-27T17:17:38.373Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: If one of those is important to you, start thinking about when you can do so... for example, Credential Handler API -- I'd like to know when that's going to be ready adn when we want to turn it into a report.
[2018-11-27T17:17:47.244Z]	<manu>	q+ to talk about CH API (for example)
[2018-11-27T17:18:03.488Z]	<manu>	kimhd: It would be nice to get clarity on those before end of year.
[2018-11-27T17:18:32.651Z]	<manu>	kimhd: If you have something that's a work item, send it to the mailing list so we know what we might cut...
[2018-11-27T17:18:35.544Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-11-27T17:18:38.405Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-11-27T17:18:44.589Z]	<Moses>	If you'd like to sign up to participate in the call with Po Chi Wu to survey and analyse monetization models for DID developers, please let us know here: https://goo.gl/forms/2tKbmbi5cDQMUBaC2 - this will be moderated by Samantha Chase.
[2018-11-27T17:19:49.064Z]	<drabiv>	@moses @samchase @jarlath I have a business model based on SSI to present on the zoom call.
[2018-11-27T17:20:10.445Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Review summary of previous DID stories, questions, painpoints meetings
[2018-11-27T17:20:10.525Z]	<manu>	manu: We want to be careful w/ Credential Handler API
[2018-11-27T17:20:22.576Z]	<manu>	manu: so, we may want to put that on hiatus for now.
[2018-11-27T17:20:32.896Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/11sEvUhivMBt7DXBviqyEydvsnpOJY31O7KKw73eFdmc/edit#
[2018-11-27T17:20:52.015Z]	<manu>	Topic: DID Summary High Points
[2018-11-27T17:20:57.458Z]	<manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/11sEvUhivMBt7DXBviqyEydvsnpOJY31O7KKw73eFdmc/edit#
[2018-11-27T17:21:42.444Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Feel free to suggest additional things - Joe and I tried to capture what we could during our previous meetings... talked a bit about stories, explaining DIDs, things that happened... for example, push back on SSI, corps don't care, and potential answers.
[2018-11-27T17:22:09.336Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: We also tried to capture common questions - why do we need a new universal namespace, who manages keys, what do you talk about when you talk about DIDs?
[2018-11-27T17:22:45.836Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Last week, we tried to focus on what is it about DIDs that solve these pain points... these are incomplete lists - we don't need answers, but we would like to be sure that we have ansewrs for a lot of these and can leverage them.
[2018-11-27T17:23:17.925Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: We have a primer in spec text, didn't explain why -- DID Primer was explaining it to ourselves, we need to explain underlying value proposition.
[2018-11-27T17:23:36.204Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2018-11-27T17:23:38.074Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: We can spend a couple of minutes if people want to add stuff, then we can move on to drafting a new document.
[2018-11-27T17:23:45.715Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2018-11-27T17:23:49.189Z]	<manu>	ack kimhd
[2018-11-27T17:23:49.877Z]	<drabiv>	@moses @samchase - i'll publish business model description/deck before the call to CCG list
[2018-11-27T17:24:08.650Z]	<heathervescent>	Where is the second document @ChristopherA mentioned? Is that the DID Primer?
[2018-11-27T17:24:10.192Z]	<manu>	kimhd: The explainer, it sounds like some of the things might solicit external information... is it possible that the DID Explainer work can feed into DID Primer.
[2018-11-27T17:24:16.366Z]	<kimhd>	ack kimhd
[2018-11-27T17:24:21.467Z]	<jonnycrunch>	doc is read-only
[2018-11-27T17:24:22.484Z]	<kimhd>	ack agropper
[2018-11-27T17:24:45.274Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to talk about explainer
[2018-11-27T17:24:54.076Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-11-27T17:25:05.075Z]	<manu>	agropper: I wrote up 3 pages or so writing up use case on DIDs, don't know if it's at the right level to serve the proper purposes... just sent it to a couple of the Chairs, unclear from description what contributions you expect other than list of questions we should be concerned about.
[2018-11-27T17:25:22.497Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-11-27T17:26:03.167Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Yes, Adrian, thanks that was a great write up, please share with rest of list... explainer framework from W3C TAG is a particular framework that they would like to see outlined... it's a bit more specific and constrained, I think Adrian's work is great fodder, share it more widely.
[2018-11-27T17:26:13.245Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-11-27T17:26:24.344Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: They want a more limited template... we need to concisely answer their bullet points... then they can engage more easily.
[2018-11-27T17:26:56.364Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: I also added to the bottom, if you have an explainer that you don't know about, please add it to the bottom of the list.
[2018-11-27T17:27:01.914Z]	<manu>	q+ to mention Secure Scuttlebutt.
[2018-11-27T17:27:19.735Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-11-27T17:27:50.384Z]	<manu>	https://www.scuttlebutt.nz/
[2018-11-27T17:27:50.607Z]	<agropper>	Health records explainer: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AbhR3xFLXYB7h83iGqmhgF9N6Q5BM2thziwbrS2miqs/edit
[2018-11-27T17:28:38.636Z]	<dmitriz>	q+ (to add on to scuttlebutt comment)
[2018-11-27T17:28:51.218Z]	<Moses>	q+
[2018-11-27T17:29:29.876Z]	<manu>	manu: I think we can learn from the Secure Scuttlebutt community, look at their page, lift some ideas there.
[2018-11-27T17:29:57.150Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: Wanted to mention that Secure Scuttlebutt is an example of a community that failed on the key recovery problem... great example of what happens when you don't account for key recovery.
[2018-11-27T17:30:04.435Z]	<kimhd>	ack dmitriz
[2018-11-27T17:30:08.225Z]	<kimhd>	ack Moses
[2018-11-27T17:30:37.053Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-11-27T17:30:38.779Z]	<manu>	Moses: One of the ideas our group had is that someone should build an Adobe XD mock up for DID product - would be something useful here... if someone else wants to do that/work on it, please let me know.
[2018-11-27T17:30:49.286Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JIWWs8YTWP83Hao5UXyrgpddYu9F0v8lGDUo0Usor10/edit
[2018-11-27T17:30:50.324Z]	<manu>	Topic: DID Explainer Template
[2018-11-27T17:30:54.226Z]	<manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JIWWs8YTWP83Hao5UXyrgpddYu9F0v8lGDUo0Usor10/edit
[2018-11-27T17:31:44.834Z]	<manu>	manu: Let's talk through this document, get people that want to write it.
[2018-11-27T17:32:17.745Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: I can begin a little bit... some of the things that we could talk about are non-goals explicitly...
[2018-11-27T17:32:35.686Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: What scenarios do we want to focus on - what two user scenarios, tricky design choices...
[2018-11-27T17:32:55.932Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: One of these choices was not doing real names, for example, not a replacement for DNS - that was a tricky design decision... what else?
[2018-11-27T17:33:20.407Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Capture some of these things, that's what the TAG wants, what are the alternatives - what does Solid or BlockStack provide that is orthogonal?
[2018-11-27T17:33:22.417Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to talk about chaordic writing for the Explainer
[2018-11-27T17:33:28.208Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: This is open for editing.
[2018-11-27T17:33:44.689Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-11-27T17:34:08.969Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: If there is a bullet point that expands and fits in the section, please add it, don't just suggest it.
[2018-11-27T17:34:21.568Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: If you are changing something, but really mean it as a suggestion, then use suggest.
[2018-11-27T17:34:42.249Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: In general, please dive in and write things up - the process we're trying to catalyze, let's get something prior to the Workshop in Seattle.
[2018-11-27T17:35:22.894Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Trying to turn bulletpoints into prose, get full document, so kinda quick chaotic/chaordic stuff into a place where we can get it to the W3C TAG.
[2018-11-27T17:35:34.297Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: If you can provide stuff, please do
[2018-11-27T17:35:54.071Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: We literally want people to type in the things they care about the most - do that now
[2018-11-27T17:36:04.466Z]	<manu>	q+ on non-goals
[2018-11-27T17:36:08.085Z]	<jonnycrunch>	define?
[2018-11-27T17:36:16.334Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ non-goal: identity assurance
[2018-11-27T17:37:15.756Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-11-27T17:37:22.385Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-11-27T17:37:39.605Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2018-11-27T17:37:47.893Z]	<manu>	manu: We are not trying to replace DNS, we're not trying to replace Content-addressed networks.
[2018-11-27T17:38:01.086Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: We are not trying to provide identity assurance.
[2018-11-27T17:38:28.729Z]	<manu>	kimhd: I have a separate question on use cases -- key scenarios -- saw Christopher typing in something about education credentials
[2018-11-27T17:38:39.727Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-11-27T17:38:49.608Z]	<manu>	kimhd: In general, for key scenarios, can we use outputs of previous meetings, explaining DIDs, are those worth explaining?
[2018-11-27T17:38:55.734Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack kimhd
[2018-11-27T17:38:57.856Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-11-27T17:38:58.495Z]	<kimhd>	ack kimhd
[2018-11-27T17:39:02.506Z]	<manu>	q+ to note concerns w/ presenting to W3C TAG
[2018-11-27T17:39:37.956Z]	<kimhd>	q+ edu credentials as working example
[2018-11-27T17:39:40.994Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: I don't want to speak for everyone in VCWG, but VCWG has discovered that the common "over 21" use case is problematic on a number of fronts... the DMV was not intended to be on age verification.
[2018-11-27T17:40:22.891Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: There is a lot of discussion about that, it has also come up as a bad selective disclosure example... a nice simple "I institution that subject graduated with a degree" is a better type of default claim to be made.
[2018-11-27T17:40:39.657Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: That enables us to talk about institutions changing, etc.
[2018-11-27T17:40:47.056Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-11-27T17:41:34.385Z]	<drummond>	Why are we being the guinea pig?
[2018-11-27T17:43:12.964Z]	<dmitriz>	(I would argue that although academic credentials is an excellent example of a verifiable claim in general, it is still a poor example of selective disclosure. Because it's a high-value/high-threat credential, it will still need to be tied intimately to identity verification, much like the proof of age.)
[2018-11-27T17:43:56.127Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-11-27T17:44:00.234Z]	<kimhd>	ack kimhd
[2018-11-27T17:44:40.434Z]	<manu>	kimhd: I had wanted to change the motivation slides when we show DIDs, every time we try to do it, it breaks down - ID string in driver's license doesn't really work as a DID.
[2018-11-27T17:44:48.834Z]	<manu>	kimhd: There is a long term applicability idea
[2018-11-27T17:45:17.919Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Institutions can go out of business, some push back on that, but key rotation on recipient side is a concern - key management is a concern.
[2018-11-27T17:45:41.825Z]	<burn>	Better to talk about getting a specific degree than just graduating from an institution - also works for honorary degrees
[2018-11-27T17:45:44.754Z]	<manu>	kimhd: I think I would like to help convert that scenario, would be a lot more informative and get less push back from Driver's license example.
[2018-11-27T17:45:53.124Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2018-11-27T17:46:10.692Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Another thing that needs work is considered alternatives... what are we competing against?
[2018-11-27T17:46:18.685Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-11-27T17:47:09.587Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: In the area of scenarios, interstitial jurisdictionality - when two parties need some sort of reliable transaction and they don't have a common deferable authority (different countries) and they are not goverend by UN Body - do I need approval from a government to do business?
[2018-11-27T17:47:54.415Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: This is how the Internet breaks a lot of things... cross border transactions - getting your degree recognized in a foreign country can be an issue.
[2018-11-27T17:48:07.097Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-11-27T17:48:19.527Z]	<manu>	kimhd: That's interesting because Learning Machine customers talk about value in preventing fraud - educational fraud is big, so that's a good angle as well.
[2018-11-27T17:48:19.627Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-11-27T17:48:20.545Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-11-27T17:48:52.877Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: I'm finding that crossing borders, changing jurisdictions over time, is a useful topic by itself... it might help at the end of it, scenario 1, there are similar problems in educational space.
[2018-11-27T17:49:06.625Z]	<mike-lodder>	medical is a good example
[2018-11-27T17:49:07.325Z]	<manu>	q+ to avoid politically hot topics... benign is good.
[2018-11-27T17:49:32.687Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: The VCs are bearer instruments and DIDs enable bearer instruments to function, so that's something that is unique and we really want to underline that.
[2018-11-27T17:49:38.308Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-11-27T17:49:45.404Z]	<manu>	voip: noise?
[2018-11-27T17:51:01.176Z]	<samchase>	I was about to say where all the bodies are buried lol
[2018-11-27T17:51:06.729Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	I think the Mars Insight rover has dialed in
[2018-11-27T17:52:04.965Z]	<samchase>	q+
[2018-11-27T17:52:07.885Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-11-27T17:52:21.267Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to suggest that applying for a job internationally might be a good extended use case
[2018-11-27T17:52:36.010Z]	<manu>	kimhd: We do have some good use cases in medical... what about that - is medical as key scenario a good thing?
[2018-11-27T17:52:36.468Z]	<kimhd>	ack samchase
[2018-11-27T17:53:05.826Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2018-11-27T17:53:08.848Z]	<jonnycrunch>	q+ Medicine is slow to adopt new technology
[2018-11-27T17:53:43.415Z]	<manu>	samchase: To dig a bit on what Manu said - show less dire things that we can fix (even though they are powerful), having those sorts of mundane things (like customer preferences), carry truths about yoruself, or offload that sort of customer acquisition into hands of user easily - those kinds of things seems like the right path?
[2018-11-27T17:53:45.748Z]	<manu>	manu: yes
[2018-11-27T17:54:13.808Z]	<manu>	samchase: So, marketing tech is suffering, if we can empower people to have control of that while helping  marketing folks, that would be a big upside.
[2018-11-27T17:54:30.795Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-11-27T17:54:58.306Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: I wanted to add to what Sam said - number of nations that are talking about travel documents - work permits - that allow for different type of travel - as an acceptable use case for businesses and governments...
[2018-11-27T17:55:28.533Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-11-27T17:55:29.004Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: It's cross jurisdictional, leading people into SSI w/o full DID stack - don't know if that's a separate use case, or subset of jurisdiction, safer one as opposed to others.
[2018-11-27T17:55:41.257Z]	<samchase>	i think the military specialties codes is something to think about
[2018-11-27T17:56:00.564Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Maybe applying for job internationally incorporates those other things... and it gets cross border
[2018-11-27T17:56:03.586Z]	<manu>	q+ to disagree :)
[2018-11-27T17:56:18.735Z]	<samchase>	google has made a search for them, that could tie onto special skills recognized across border or just in line with credentials that should be verified and recognized
[2018-11-27T17:56:21.693Z]	<rgrant>	q+
[2018-11-27T17:56:24.329Z]	<samchase>	q+
[2018-11-27T17:56:33.025Z]	<rgrant>	q-
[2018-11-27T17:56:40.448Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: We may want to go further than "I have a degree"
[2018-11-27T17:56:46.748Z]	<kimhd>	ack agropper
[2018-11-27T17:56:47.765Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Yes, we need a scenario that's more immediately forcing it.
[2018-11-27T17:57:19.738Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	+1 on limitations to federation
[2018-11-27T17:57:29.375Z]	<rgrant>	q+ (stating the obvious) if scenarios are a sensitive issue, then we need to back up and agree on scenarios.
[2018-11-27T17:57:32.585Z]	<manu>	agropper: If I was trying to explain this to a technical group, I'd start by asking about the limitations of federation with whatever use case they're familiar with... start with that, rather than cast it in immigration or medicine... the fact that we all understand what the limitations of federation wrt. identity are, and that this is a solution.
[2018-11-27T17:57:46.309Z]	<kimhd>	ack jonnycrunch
[2018-11-27T17:57:54.970Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-11-27T17:58:18.055Z]	<manu>	jonnycrunch: Yes, there was an interesting case in England in NHS, that was not licensed from a foreign government, I'm on the American Board of Physicians, it's about making claims on digital assets, how do we represent that.
[2018-11-27T17:58:38.085Z]	<manu>	jonnycrunch: Travelling across borders, typically hello world in that, is immunization records - that is low hanging fruit for the use case.
[2018-11-27T17:58:46.533Z]	<drummond>	+1 to health care records and lifetime portability
[2018-11-27T17:58:50.206Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-11-27T18:00:02.597Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1 for Manu or Sam to write up a scenario about user preferences
[2018-11-27T18:00:43.006Z]	<Moses>	I did consulting gigs for the governments of Georgia (the country) and Poland, their major universities expressed a wish that American employers would at least know that they are large or dominant universities. So they could be an interesting use case for an educational credential.
[2018-11-27T18:01:22.729Z]	<manu>	q?
[2018-11-27T18:01:36.990Z]	<kimhd>	ack samchase
[2018-11-27T18:02:03.248Z]	<manu>	samchase: Military occupation speciality - 250K veterans per year, skills not recognized in their own country...
[2018-11-27T18:02:09.685Z]	<heathervescent>	+1 Sam, this is a big area, and there are people working in this space.
[2018-11-27T18:02:15.692Z]	<rgrant>	ack rgrant
[2018-11-27T18:02:16.250Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: If you like one of the sections, put your name on it, fill it out.
[2018-11-27T18:02:23.277Z]	<kimhd>	ack rgrant
[2018-11-27T18:02:35.254Z]	<manu>	rgrant: Note that this sounds like it's replacing editing of the document - maybe we need to rename it for action item for next week.
[2018-11-27T18:02:38.004Z]	<samchase>	this doc link is where sorry?
[2018-11-27T18:02:58.535Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JIWWs8YTWP83Hao5UXyrgpddYu9F0v8lGDUo0Usor10/edit?usp=sharing
[2018-11-27T18:03:22.404Z]	<Moses>	quite
[2018-11-27T18:03:24.582Z]	<Moses>	quit
[2018-11-27T18:03:37.985Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2018-11-27T18:03:42.143Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 91
[2018-11-27T18:03:45.547Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 95
[2018-11-27T18:03:46.526Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 96
[2018-11-27T18:03:48.960Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 98
[2018-11-27T18:04:55.322Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 99
[2018-11-27T18:04:58.473Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect a2
[2018-11-27T18:05:01.466Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect a9
[2018-11-27T18:05:03.460Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect ac
[2018-11-27T18:05:04.394Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect ad
[2018-11-27T18:05:05.314Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect ae
