[2019-10-29T15:57:30.987Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2019-10-29T15:58:12.616Z]	<Justin_R>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:00:46.371Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:01:03.036Z]	<manu>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:01:26.539Z]	<jonathan_holt>	present+ jonathan_holt
[2019-10-29T16:01:33.890Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:01:43.636Z]	<agropper>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:01:43.844Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:02:02.298Z]	<ChristopherA>	agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Oct/0035.html
[2019-10-29T16:02:03.396Z]	<ahripak>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:03:03.516Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:03:33.486Z]	<Brent>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:04:49.391Z]	<joel>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:04:55.718Z]	<dlehn>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:05:14.899Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA goes over standard intro to CCG call.
[2019-10-29T16:05:50.679Z]	<manu>	scribe: manu
[2019-10-29T16:06:18.164Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Please do consider scribing for future calls, it takes a village.
[2019-10-29T16:06:30.237Z]	<manu>	Topic: Introductions / Re-Introductions
[2019-10-29T16:06:36.727Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Anyone new to the call?
[2019-10-29T16:06:46.616Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Anyone that wants to reintroduce themselves?
[2019-10-29T16:07:04.443Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:07:40.377Z]	<manu>	agropper: Hi, Adrian Gropper, volunteer CTO for Patient Privacy Rights, my role in general is as a privacy expert -- represent the interest of the consumer in this process. What is new is that I'm heavily involved in trying to develop a common language for the various services around SSI.
[2019-10-29T16:08:07.983Z]	<manu>	agropper: This work started around RWoT9 - created slide deck that tries to introduce concept of separation of concerns around various protocol work going on in different SSI related groups.
[2019-10-29T16:08:12.604Z]	<ChristopherA>	W3C-CCG Announcements: https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2019-10-29T16:08:21.842Z]	<manu>	Topic: Announcements
[2019-10-29T16:08:28.297Z]	<manu>	W3C-CCG Announcements: https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2019-10-29T16:08:44.437Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: DID Resolution TF meeting on Thursdays... happens from 1-2pm PT
[2019-10-29T16:09:18.269Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Closing out action items, planning for next couple of weeks... work item for 2020, please fill out a work item template.
[2019-10-29T16:09:23.445Z]	<agropper>	Separation of Concerns slide deck - work in progress: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/11lfS-phwt2-Vd6mN4iVIxj3N4PzV-774I9gLEGuZgzA/edit#slide=id.p
[2019-10-29T16:09:27.436Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: We're trying to get scribes to volunteer earlier.
[2019-10-29T16:09:37.020Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Any announcements we should have on this list?
[2019-10-29T16:09:41.388Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-10-29T16:09:45.597Z]	<manu>	q+ for DID WG F2F.
[2019-10-29T16:09:48.951Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:09:54.009Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-10-29T16:09:55.551Z]	<dlongley>	scribe: dlongley
[2019-10-29T16:10:16.405Z]	<sumita>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:10:21.728Z]	<dlongley>	manu: There is a DIDWG F2F coming up in January in Europe, probably in London. Nothing settled, but, if you're in the neighborhood and not part of the DIDWG there's always an opportunity to join as an observer by asking the chairs.
[2019-10-29T16:10:28.598Z]	<dlongley>	manu: This is just a heads up for those of you who might be in the area.
[2019-10-29T16:10:35.543Z]	<dlongley>	scribe: manu
[2019-10-29T16:10:53.720Z]	<manu>	Kaliya: Glossary WG being spun up in DIF - one of the Co-Chairs, believe it meets Mondays at 4:30 CT...
[2019-10-29T16:11:04.163Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: How do non-DIF people participate?
[2019-10-29T16:11:06.789Z]	<gabec>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:11:18.542Z]	<manu>	Kaliya: I believe it'll be fine for anyone to join mailing list and join calls. I'll send information to list when it's available.
[2019-10-29T16:11:31.344Z]	<manu>	Kaliya: First call isn't until November 7th... we'll post something to the list before then.
[2019-10-29T16:11:33.679Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-10-29T16:11:53.545Z]	<ChristopherA>	Review Next: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2019-10-29T16:12:01.612Z]	<manu>	Topic: Work Items and Action Items Review
[2019-10-29T16:12:04.671Z]	<manu>	Review Next: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2019-10-29T16:12:28.125Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: The Chairs track work we're doing in this queue...
[2019-10-29T16:12:37.307Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: DID Explainer tag - not formally a work item... can we close that?
[2019-10-29T16:12:42.101Z]	<manu>	q+ to ask if it's moving over to DID WG?
[2019-10-29T16:12:43.671Z]	<dlongley>	scribe: dlongley
[2019-10-29T16:12:45.610Z]	<manu>	q-
[2019-10-29T16:13:03.666Z]	<manu>	q+ to ask if it's moving over to DID WG?
[2019-10-29T16:13:10.217Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: I'm not sure if we should close this out or what at this point.
[2019-10-29T16:13:12.789Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-10-29T16:13:19.763Z]	<ottonomy>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:13:46.100Z]	<dlongley>	manu: So I don't think it's an official ... it's not in the charter for the DID WG, I don't think. They can publish any document they want to as a NOTE. It falls under introductory text. Before you drop it just check with the chairs on the DIDWG to see if they are willing to take it up.
[2019-10-29T16:14:00.103Z]	<dlongley>	manu: If not, it will be dropped and no one will work on it and it's on there because we thought it was a pretty important document.
[2019-10-29T16:14:19.049Z]	<dlongley>	Brent: Dan and I can talk about this.
[2019-10-29T16:14:23.002Z]	<dlongley>	Brent: And reach out.
[2019-10-29T16:14:45.709Z]	<burn>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:15:02.286Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: Future meeting -- we had some discussion around supporting discussions around JSON-LD contexts and supporting documentation.
[2019-10-29T16:15:03.237Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Future meeting... how to support contributing to JSON-LD Contexts...
[2019-10-29T16:15:28.068Z]	<manu>	scribe: dlongley
[2019-10-29T16:15:39.801Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-10-29T16:15:40.198Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: Are there any other people that want to do a demo of their schemas or contexts before we kick off the work on creating a new task force on this topic or new work item?
[2019-10-29T16:16:07.256Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: If you are doing schema work or have some resources you want to share please let the chairs know before we form a work item on this.
[2019-10-29T16:16:44.311Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:16:47.098Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: Next up, the VC Maintenance Charter. This is a little confusing because W3C is in the midst of figuring out how to do ongoing work and there is a proposal for... A. The WG before it completed said the CCG is responsible for any continuing work.
[2019-10-29T16:17:18.182Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: It was going to be our job to create the process for that. There is now a proposal for a maintenance charter where the consensus building happens in the CCG but the final results would be reviewed by the chairs of the VCWG.
[2019-10-29T16:17:25.609Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: If the charter is approved.
[2019-10-29T16:17:35.362Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: They have a process to approve it, the CCG cannot approve changes to standards.
[2019-10-29T16:17:42.980Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-10-29T16:17:57.590Z]	<kimhd>	we just need to close out the vote
[2019-10-29T16:18:15.079Z]	<burn>	q+
[2019-10-29T16:18:19.147Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: My question here is ... what are the next steps we have to do here? Do we need to determine a process for that? It hasn't been one of our work items to think about this type of thing. Do we do a regular work item and then when it's the point it's a NOTE ... what level of consensus... do we just pass it on to the new group then?
[2019-10-29T16:18:21.544Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-10-29T16:19:00.699Z]	<dlongley>	kimhd: This is just closing out ... during last meeting we did a proposal about the heads up on adopting this as a maintenance charter. Right after that we sent out an email describing the seven day heads up for objections and we haven't gotten any. During this meeting we can declare final approval of it.
[2019-10-29T16:19:00.977Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-10-29T16:19:02.959Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: Ok.
[2019-10-29T16:19:11.662Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c/charter-drafts/pull/237#issuecomment-545090271
[2019-10-29T16:19:20.390Z]	<dlongley>	manu: What Kim said. And there's this comment (I put in IRC).
[2019-10-29T16:19:57.437Z]	<dlongley>	manu: So W3C charter draft is up for review. Noted that we have a seven day wait period for objections ... as long as we wrap this up on the call today it's up to W3M to take the charter forward with the W3C membership, etc. We don't expect any issues with that.
[2019-10-29T16:20:38.730Z]	<dlongley>	manu: On our own timeframe (CCG's timeframe) we need to spend a little time on what that process looks like. Almost all the work has to do with making sure that we continue to refine the VC data model specification and implementation guide, etc. We're just gaining consensus in this group, I can't imagine the work mode will change much.
[2019-10-29T16:21:12.817Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack burn
[2019-10-29T16:21:15.597Z]	<dlongley>	manu: But we may have a work item we want to adopt. Perhaps a group meets on its own maybe once a month to talk and put it to the CCG to review and other groups for broader review as needed. If we get buy in in the CCG then we push to the VCWG. We don't have to do that immediately, sometime in the next month or two is fine.
[2019-10-29T16:21:48.698Z]	<dlongley>	burn: First, a comment on what Manu said. Something we probably need sooner rather than later is at least a place for comments to go. That's really the most important. If people have issues they can know where to file them. Maybe they'll get worked on or not.
[2019-10-29T16:22:28.237Z]	<dlongley>	burn: I wanted to explain to people that the WG now is not really there to do work. It's there as a collection of members of W3C to make a determination on whatever proposal comes from the CCG. Make sure it stays within the charter, has appropriate review, meets IPR requirements and so on.
[2019-10-29T16:22:31.579Z]	<dlongley>	"ratification group"
[2019-10-29T16:23:11.143Z]	<dlongley>	burn: There are no regular teleconferences, etc. we don't expect members to remain for a long time. It's about thumbs up/thumbs down and a review process to ask for changes when needed.
[2019-10-29T16:23:18.300Z]	<dlongley>	burn: Yes, a ratification group.
[2019-10-29T16:23:29.501Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: Are you and Matt still the chairs, what's the status of that?
[2019-10-29T16:23:57.009Z]	<dlongley>	burn: The proposal has both me (Dan Burnett) and Matt Stone to be the chairs. That can be modified as needed over time if we need another co-chair, etc.
[2019-10-29T16:24:35.560Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: I want to propose an item for you two... as far as creating a repo we can do that, just need a name from you. We also need a little bit about the process written down, we need that. Also on the W3C CCG website we need something about this work.
[2019-10-29T16:25:03.629Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: To tell people, "If you wish to comment or change things for VC data model spec, etc. you need to go here" The CCG chairs need help there, are you willing to accept that action item?
[2019-10-29T16:25:10.141Z]	<manu>	Agree that all of those are good ideas and are things that we need to do.
[2019-10-29T16:25:15.340Z]	<ChristopherA>	action: action: Dan, Matt, Manu to name repo
[2019-10-29T16:25:19.347Z]	<dlongley>	burn: Yes, I will kick that off. I will talk to Manu about the repo and how it will work but once we have a proper place I'm happy to do that.
[2019-10-29T16:25:44.477Z]	<ChristopherA>	Action: We need process summary
[2019-10-29T16:25:49.317Z]	<manu>	q+ to note that we need volunteers *from this group* as well :)
[2019-10-29T16:26:00.949Z]	<ken>	present+ Ken_Ebert
[2019-10-29T16:26:03.910Z]	<ChristopherA>	action: PR to W3C-CCG Home Page to refer to CCG work on VCs
[2019-10-29T16:26:09.258Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-10-29T16:26:21.648Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: We've done the seven days, do we need to formally do something?
[2019-10-29T16:26:51.998Z]	<dlongley>	manu: I don't think so, we gave people plenty of warning and left it open for seven days and if no objections it would close. I think we're good to go. But proposal+resolution is process over engineering.
[2019-10-29T16:26:55.062Z]	<dlongley>	manu: We can just proceed.
[2019-10-29T16:26:58.776Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-10-29T16:27:01.725Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-10-29T16:27:15.120Z]	<dlongley>	manu: This is mostly just a call to action for this group (CCG).
[2019-10-29T16:27:41.837Z]	<dlongley>	manu: This group has a pretty big effect on the maintenance on the VC spec and the implementation guide and we need help from people to move that along. Don't assume the same people that moved it before will continue to do so.
[2019-10-29T16:27:46.970Z]	<dlongley>	manu: Quite often there is a changing of the guard.
[2019-10-29T16:28:07.428Z]	<dlongley>	manu: If you're interested in participating or helping with editorial work or advances/changes to the implementation guide please use this as an opportunity to jump in and help out.
[2019-10-29T16:28:27.121Z]	<ChristopherA>	action: VC chairs to sent email about CCG to old VC-WG list, including asking for volunteers.
[2019-10-29T16:28:40.838Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/91
[2019-10-29T16:29:01.237Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: A proposal was made for a new work item for working on a schema -- based on the WorkDay presentation.
[2019-10-29T16:29:10.841Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: Gabe and Orie Steele.
[2019-10-29T16:29:19.192Z]	<manu>	+1 in support to adopt as a work item.
[2019-10-29T16:29:20.261Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: We do have the requisite people from two different groups that want to work on it.
[2019-10-29T16:29:41.364Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: Do we have any objections to that as a starting point? They said they are very open to making changes -- they are not "our way or the highway".
[2019-10-29T16:29:55.221Z]	<ottonomy>	+1 in support to adopt as a work item. I would like to participate in the item, particularly to enable the same capabilities for Open Badges-schema'd credentials.
[2019-10-29T16:29:57.018Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: I wanted to get a feeling for other people who are willing to participate or read through it or participate in some calls.
[2019-10-29T16:29:58.477Z]	<ken>	q+
[2019-10-29T16:30:06.337Z]	<ottonomy>	q+
[2019-10-29T16:30:10.440Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: The chairs are trying to make sure there's sufficient energy for us to tackle it as a work item.
[2019-10-29T16:30:11.157Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ken
[2019-10-29T16:30:30.761Z]	<dlongley>	ken: Brent and I have been doing some work on schemas and enhancing them in the Sovrin ecosystem so it's an area of interest for us.
[2019-10-29T16:30:31.757Z]	<manu>	scribe: manu
[2019-10-29T16:30:52.279Z]	<ChristopherA>	@ottonomy
[2019-10-29T16:30:57.568Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack @ottonomy
[2019-10-29T16:30:58.880Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: That would be great... looking for codifying ... not from single community, but from multiple communities.
[2019-10-29T16:31:02.024Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-10-29T16:31:06.504Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ottonomy
[2019-10-29T16:31:20.229Z]	<manu>	ottonomy: I'd like to participate in this work item... particularly w/ Open Badges angle... Open Badges as a schema that can be delivered in a VC envelope.
[2019-10-29T16:31:37.418Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: We have enough interest and communities involved, Joe, Kim, thoughts?
[2019-10-29T16:31:46.181Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: +1 agree
[2019-10-29T16:31:49.843Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1
[2019-10-29T16:32:04.200Z]	<manu>	kimhd: Need to catch up
[2019-10-29T16:32:33.884Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: The way the CG process at W3C does not require consent from entire community to start a work item.
[2019-10-29T16:33:40.079Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: We think there is sufficient support of this, so it just happens... that's the way the CG process works... we don't need broad approval ... we do need approval of CCG to approve to move the work ahead to a CG Note or official CG document.
[2019-10-29T16:33:48.107Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: This work item is approved, will setup the Github.
[2019-10-29T16:34:04.345Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/community/work_items.html
[2019-10-29T16:34:07.718Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: The Chairs are trying to be careful about our work items so we can get work done and finished.
[2019-10-29T16:34:12.863Z]	<manu>	Topic: Year End Purge
[2019-10-29T16:34:18.177Z]	<manu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/community/work_items.html
[2019-10-29T16:34:31.950Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: We'd like to close some things out by the end of the year in some form.
[2019-10-29T16:35:08.417Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: I proposed a couple of different things -- categories of discussing this -- items that are close to complete and want to publish final report... can always do something later... just want to get it off of our Agenda.
[2019-10-29T16:35:28.768Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Explainer, Primer, maybe moved to other places... some items have no progress... Editors haven't been active, need new editors.
[2019-10-29T16:35:45.461Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: There are items we're keeping... DID Resolution has been doing a great job, meeting every week, reporting out... etc.
[2019-10-29T16:36:09.240Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-10-29T16:36:11.507Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: There are other work items that are making progress -- not sufficient community support... anyone have general comments around us wrapping up these types of things before we tackle new work.
[2019-10-29T16:36:25.843Z]	<dlongley>	scribe: dlongley
[2019-10-29T16:37:03.549Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: The goal is for us to get to a community report of some kind that is specification oriented, community notes, and commentaries are more free form.
[2019-10-29T16:37:13.379Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: We have a large number of these and some of these are finished, etc.
[2019-10-29T16:37:38.124Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to ask about evolving w3c process
[2019-10-29T16:37:46.026Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: We have 4 registers, DID method, VC status, LD cryptosuites, LD keys. I've seen activity on DID method, and LD ones.
[2019-10-29T16:38:01.518Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: I presume we'll make progress on VC status one. What's the story there, what's required, is it active, do we have a process for it?
[2019-10-29T16:38:05.271Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-10-29T16:38:15.042Z]	<manu>	q+ to speak to each registry...
[2019-10-29T16:38:24.859Z]	<dmitriz>	q+ to ask about Cryptographic Suite Registry vs Key Format Registry
[2019-10-29T16:38:32.581Z]	<dlongley>	JoeAndrieu: I'm directing this to Manu or Dan... do we know anything about where the W3C is going with this? I'd like to move this from rough draft to something else but I think we're caught in a redesign of the process.
[2019-10-29T16:38:44.691Z]	<dlongley>	burn: You're right we're in a redesign and we need to do our own thing.
[2019-10-29T16:38:54.840Z]	<dlongley>	manu: Dan is right, we need to do a stopgap.
[2019-10-29T16:39:26.797Z]	<dlongley>	manu: For these 4 registries, the DID method registry is not in the DIDWG charter and it's being managed just fine in the CCG. We're keeping up. There's a question about where that should go. That may be a question for the DIDWG to discuss. For the time being it's fine in the CCG.
[2019-10-29T16:39:46.267Z]	<dlongley>	manu: The VC status registry is something ... the expectation is that the new VCWG will take it over and it will become a work item but the CCG will still manage it.
[2019-10-29T16:40:11.778Z]	<dlongley>	manu: I think that stays in the CCG. The LD cryptosuite/LD keys stuff is basically waiting on a LD security WG to start up at W3C. Again, the CCG is the only one that is managing those things. All active right now.
[2019-10-29T16:40:25.003Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-10-29T16:40:27.117Z]	<dlongley>	manu: We've pulled in PRs for all of them in the past couple of weeks and I don't expect that to change for the next 6 months or so.
[2019-10-29T16:40:28.667Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-10-29T16:40:31.751Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-10-29T16:40:35.977Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-10-29T16:40:47.592Z]	<dlongley>	manu: We don't have have to really worry about the W3C process on this stuff until it the 2020 process is ratified. I think even then it won't affect us all that much.
[2019-10-29T16:40:49.464Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack dmitriz
[2019-10-29T16:41:11.437Z]	<manu>	q+ thought they were being combined.
[2019-10-29T16:41:17.168Z]	<dlongley>	dmitriz: Wanted to check in on the status of the key format registry. If there is not a 100% overlap with the cryptosuite registry.
[2019-10-29T16:41:19.559Z]	<Justin_R>	+1 to that question
[2019-10-29T16:41:20.320Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-10-29T16:41:38.717Z]	<dlongley>	manu: Yeah, I thought we merged the two. I thought the LD cryptosuite registry contained things like signatures suites and key formats in it.
[2019-10-29T16:41:47.300Z]	<ChristopherA>	action: merge the the two crypto-lg registries, fix links
[2019-10-29T16:41:52.690Z]	<dlongley>	dmitriz: I thought so too but the link from the work items goes to different places.
[2019-10-29T16:42:00.612Z]	<dlongley>	manu: We should fix that, eliminate the key one and just make it the cryptosuite registry.
[2019-10-29T16:42:55.700Z]	<manu>	q+ to update LD Security WG status, path forward.
[2019-10-29T16:42:57.928Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: This is the first I've heard of a LD security WG. I think there's another thing we're kind of involved in ... but I didn't see on the CG mailing list. What's the status of that WG and the larger question of ... how do we get information put on the CCG mailing list about these emergent W3C things. I didn't see anything about it.
[2019-10-29T16:43:03.445Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-10-29T16:43:07.350Z]	<ChristopherA>	act manu
[2019-10-29T16:43:10.842Z]	<dlongley>	manu: I do think we covered it on one of the calls but I'm sure it got buried almost immediately.
[2019-10-29T16:43:11.204Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-10-29T16:43:36.649Z]	<dlongley>	manu: We had a breakout session at W3C TPAC that was called LD Security. During the breakout session we identified ... the minutes from that call are public you can find them from W3C breakout page, I'll try to find them again.
[2019-10-29T16:44:13.959Z]	<dlongley>	manu: There's a desire from W3C to kick off an LD security WG to work on LD proofs, packaging formats, etc. It's not new crypto just about packaging formats. There's also interesting RDF dataset normalization which other groups want to see as well.
[2019-10-29T16:44:39.697Z]	<dlongley>	manu: We're waiting on two independent mathematical proofs and peer review on both papers on RDF normalization and we're working on merging those papers into a single paper that can be used to standardize at W3C.
[2019-10-29T16:45:14.421Z]	<dlongley>	manu: That's the status ... we're hoping that work is done by the end of this year, it's aggressive but by maybe mid next year we'll have the LD sec WG that is moving all this stuff forward (LD proofs, LD keys, RDF normalization) as an official standard.
[2019-10-29T16:45:23.151Z]	<dlongley>	Digital Verification CG
[2019-10-29T16:45:39.566Z]	<jonathan_holt>	if there a link for RDF normalization algorithm?
[2019-10-29T16:45:41.081Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: It sounds like we need to do some reports for those work items. And we need to publish them as reports to feed into a WG.
[2019-10-29T16:45:41.999Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: Is that correct?
[2019-10-29T16:45:44.586Z]	<dlongley>	manu: Yes.
[2019-10-29T16:46:06.277Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: I think we should get these into our work item queue. I don't mind a fast track report with good solid work and a variety of community review.
[2019-10-29T16:46:27.057Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: We don't have it on our task list. I won't make it an action but we need a work item proposal and editors and the target.
[2019-10-29T16:47:00.052Z]	<dlongley>	http://json-ld.github.io/normalization/spec/ <-- current RDF dataset normalization spec (not a link to any proof papers)
[2019-10-29T16:47:13.831Z]	<manu>	Linked Data Security meeting minutes from W3C  TPAC -- https://www.w3.org/2019/09/18-ldsec-minutes.html
[2019-10-29T16:47:33.137Z]	<manu>	q+ to note that they're the same thing...
[2019-10-29T16:47:36.707Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: The object capabilities for linked data -- there's OCAP-LD and zcaps, etc. I haven't seen any work on it. I've seen that ZCAPs is another potential work item.
[2019-10-29T16:47:38.637Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-10-29T16:48:04.921Z]	<dlongley>	manu: OCAP-LD and the ZCAP work is the same thing. The only difference is the name. ZCAPs are a subset of OCAPs, there is discussion with Mark Miller on naming.
[2019-10-29T16:48:20.978Z]	<dlongley>	manu: Chris Webber continues to work on it, Digital Bazaar is moving technical implementations forward and it's actively being used.
[2019-10-29T16:48:35.762Z]	<dlongley>	manu: We are actively trying to document so the rest of the community can more easily participate in the work. The spec needs an editor to push it forward.
[2019-10-29T16:48:42.797Z]	<dlongley>	manu: I think it's on Dmitri's queue.
[2019-10-29T16:49:10.844Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: I know that DIF has been talking about some OCAP stuff -- anyone from Solid/Sovrin have a particular interest in this work item? Anyone want to be an editor with it?
[2019-10-29T16:49:29.878Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: I'm confused on where to go with it. It hasn't seen activity and it seems a little ill-defined but there is one community that is planning on using it.
[2019-10-29T16:49:31.499Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-10-29T16:49:42.909Z]	<dmitriz>	q+
[2019-10-29T16:49:48.247Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack dmitriz
[2019-10-29T16:49:51.101Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: Does anyone know what's going on in the DIF community/SOLID regarding ZCAPs.
[2019-10-29T16:50:03.777Z]	<dlongley>	dmitriz: I wanted to mention that SOLID is also exploring using LD ZCAPs.
[2019-10-29T16:50:39.430Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: To keep this work item going as a CCG item, I'd like to see another editor, someone from another community. Can you try to identify someone from SOLID or somewhere else to move this forward?
[2019-10-29T16:50:46.700Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: Single editor things tend not to work.
[2019-10-29T16:50:54.290Z]	<kimhd>	q+ found some info on DIF and OCAP
[2019-10-29T16:51:21.119Z]	<dlongley>	manu: We'll try. The big issue is that it's one of the background technologies. The most obvious ones are the agoric folks. Maybe we can chat with them a bit. There have been a couple of other folks saying they've started using it in systems as well.
[2019-10-29T16:51:26.666Z]	<dlongley>	q?
[2019-10-29T16:51:39.557Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack kimhd
[2019-10-29T16:51:45.805Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/ocap-ld/
[2019-10-29T16:51:59.321Z]	<dlongley>	kimhd: It looks like there's not significant development in DIF on OCAP, Orie said he's contributed to ocap-ld.
[2019-10-29T16:52:15.667Z]	<dlongley>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/zcap-ld/
[2019-10-29T16:52:18.182Z]	<dlongley>	^that's the rename
[2019-10-29T16:52:35.678Z]	<manu>	q+ to provide updates for CHAPI
[2019-10-29T16:52:37.017Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: The CHAPI spec and polyfill.
[2019-10-29T16:52:53.317Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: I don't know if the spec confirms to your work -- we'd really like to see this advance at least to the next level. A release draft or even a report and call it.
[2019-10-29T16:53:04.929Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: Right now there's no activity on it. It's status ... Manu?
[2019-10-29T16:53:10.178Z]	<manu>	q?
[2019-10-29T16:53:10.977Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-10-29T16:53:15.009Z]	<manu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/credential-handler-api/
[2019-10-29T16:53:28.418Z]	<manu>	CHAPI Demo: https://w3c-ccg.github.io/credential-handler-api/
[2019-10-29T16:53:42.757Z]	<dlongley>	manu: There has been an implementation of the spec for 3+ years, it comes out of the web payments work at W3C. There's a demo site and a whole bunch of code. The polyfill is open source, etc. Multiple organizations have used it.
[2019-10-29T16:53:56.264Z]	<dlongley>	manu: Unfortunately some of the organizations are not being public about it but we can't get folks to talk if they don't want to.
[2019-10-29T16:54:02.090Z]	<dmitriz>	q+
[2019-10-29T16:54:10.766Z]	<dlongley>	manu: There is something that happened at TPAC. The implementations have continued to be worked on, there is work going on there.
[2019-10-29T16:54:18.857Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/marcoscaceres/modal-window/blob/master/explainer.md
[2019-10-29T16:54:20.020Z]	<dlongley>	manu: We have demonstrated interop but not public right now.
[2019-10-29T16:54:35.718Z]	<dlongley>	manu: Most recently we were approached by Mozilla and Google ...and Microsoft and Coil are part of this as well.
[2019-10-29T16:54:55.423Z]	<dlongley>	manu: They are trying to do something similar with the CHAPI and we're talking about moving VCs and ZCAPs across multiple origins on the Web.
[2019-10-29T16:55:38.059Z]	<dlongley>	manu: I just linked to Marco's repo. He heads up work at W3C on this stuff and works on Mozilla team, etc. He would standardize what CHAPI does today and make it native in all browsers and enable Web-based and native wallets to move VCs back and forth.
[2019-10-29T16:56:09.256Z]	<dlongley>	manu: This is a big step forward. We don't feel we can finish up the spec because we just started seeing traction with the browser community.
[2019-10-29T16:56:40.064Z]	<dlongley>	manu: There is a desire to work through the requirements with the browser teams and if we can get there we can just defer to their modal window proposal so long as it does what CHAPI does.
[2019-10-29T16:57:28.285Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: It's listed as an unreleased draft. It should be listed as something that was worked on and reached some level of things and we should release it and say we're not going to go to a final report. It doesn't need multiple implementations for that. I want to get it listed and you can put notes that says it's going somewhere else, etc.
[2019-10-29T16:57:43.741Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: We don't want it just hanging there that's not what we want as an example. Can we just get it to a release stage for that?
[2019-10-29T16:57:55.097Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack dmitriz
[2019-10-29T16:57:58.747Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: I don't like it hanging there and giving people mixed impressions.
[2019-10-29T16:58:35.257Z]	<dlongley>	dmitriz: I just wanted to add that reason is that there's not a lot of activity on the spec itself is because it's largely been stable. Most of the work has been on the implementation details and the polyfills, etc.
[2019-10-29T16:58:46.727Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: To me that's a release draft.
[2019-10-29T16:58:58.409Z]	<dlongley>	q+
[2019-10-29T16:59:03.625Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack dlongley
[2019-10-29T16:59:11.138Z]	<rgrant>	present+
[2019-10-29T16:59:11.739Z]	<manu>	dlongley: What do we need to do to declare it a release draft?
[2019-10-29T16:59:22.309Z]	<manu>	dlongley: Happy to declare it that, and mark it as such...
[2019-10-29T16:59:32.965Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to ask version
[2019-10-29T16:59:41.456Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-10-29T16:59:43.800Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: If you want to add some commentary at the top about existing usage, etc. I would love to see it as a release draft.
[2019-10-29T16:59:52.023Z]	<dlongley>	so mote it be
[2019-10-29T17:00:14.297Z]	<manu>	dlongley: I can put a version on there... if necessary
[2019-10-29T17:00:32.263Z]	<identitywoman>	we are at the hour - I have another call goodbye all.
[2019-10-29T17:00:36.017Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: The DID Resolution work that been proceeding..
[2019-10-29T17:00:41.239Z]	<identitywoman>	present+
[2019-10-29T17:00:46.549Z]	<dlongley>	scribe: manu
[2019-10-29T17:00:46.651Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: We're making good progress there.
[2019-10-29T17:00:52.628Z]	<markus_sabadello>	DID Resolution weekly meeting page: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qYBaXQMUoB86Alquu7WBtWOxsS8SMhp1fioYKEGCabE/
[2019-10-29T17:01:02.079Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: We have 3 projects where the output is not the W3C -- it's the IETF... those drafts are good for six months.
[2019-10-29T17:01:16.683Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Do we need to do more work on them?
[2019-10-29T17:01:30.002Z]	<dlongley>	scribe: dlongley
[2019-10-29T17:01:34.847Z]	<dlongley>	manu: Which ones specifically? Multihash, etc.?
[2019-10-29T17:01:36.896Z]	<kimhd>	have to drop
[2019-10-29T17:01:50.183Z]	<dlongley>	manu: We can do drafts, I'm not sure if it's worth it for us to do anything, we publish regularly at IETF.
[2019-10-29T17:02:11.487Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to ask if its been handed off
[2019-10-29T17:02:19.861Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: I think yeah, it's part of our work. We can do more work than just W3C. But as a release draft that gets listed of things we've done... with a header at the top that says it's intended for IETF. We want to have a version number.
[2019-10-29T17:02:23.622Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-10-29T17:02:35.341Z]	<dlongley>	JoeAndrieu: My question is ... have these been handed off to IETF and can we retire them?
[2019-10-29T17:02:36.659Z]	<dlongley>	manu: No.
[2019-10-29T17:02:41.676Z]	<dlongley>	JoeAndrieu: We're still shepherding them.
[2019-10-29T17:02:43.029Z]	<dlongley>	manu: Yes.
[2019-10-29T17:02:53.468Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: They have to be handed off to IETF later.
[2019-10-29T17:03:04.771Z]	<dlongley>	JoeAndrieu: So we have a task within 6 months to do that.
[2019-10-29T17:03:09.111Z]	<dlongley>	manu: Yes, and we've been updating them.
[2019-10-29T17:03:17.217Z]	<Justin_R>	q+ to talk about IETF process
[2019-10-29T17:03:28.166Z]	<dlongley>	manu: People have been submitting issues and modifying the spec as a result of those and turning the crank at IETF to republish but that doesn't require us at CCG to do anything here.
[2019-10-29T17:03:53.580Z]	<dlongley>	Justin_R: In a lot of cases the drafts haven't been submitted to the IETF at all, but published as internet drafts but that doesn't get them into a WG.
[2019-10-29T17:04:09.768Z]	<dlongley>	Justin_R: Until they get into a WG or under an area director they aren't part of the process there.
[2019-10-29T17:04:31.797Z]	<jonathan_holt>	is someone from Protocol Labs working on submitting these to IETF?
[2019-10-29T17:04:33.437Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/
[2019-10-29T17:04:34.458Z]	<manu>	Agree with Justin_R
[2019-10-29T17:04:39.988Z]	<dlongley>	Justin_R: In particular I care a lot about the http signatures work and it needs to get into an actual WG sooner rather than later because if we start building dependencies on internet drafts all bets are off once it officially starts in terms of compatibility.
[2019-10-29T17:04:42.748Z]	<dlongley>	+1
[2019-10-29T17:04:52.641Z]	<manu>	jonathan_holt, yes... that person is me :)
[2019-10-29T17:05:01.901Z]	<manu>	jonathan_holt, and I'd really love some help there.
[2019-10-29T17:05:29.263Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: On the page (link in IRC) the CG which has no standards power are the things the CG is working on. If we go to the W3C and we say there is consensus and people talking about it here and in W3C that it's a signal to the IETF community that this stuff should be taken seriously. But we don't have these things listed as drafts at all.
[2019-10-29T17:05:42.887Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: I want to get to the point where those things are releases and listed on that page. They don't have to go to final.
[2019-10-29T17:06:21.116Z]	<dlongley>	ChristopherA: At least need them in the draft stage. Thanks all, made progress here and want to close things out and move forward in the future, next week will maybe try to close out more and talk about big tent vs. specs for W3C track.
[2019-10-29T17:07:42.468Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2019-10-29T17:07:45.549Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect c2b
