[2019-07-09T15:59:41.616Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2019-07-09T15:59:51.805Z]	<burn>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:00:00.271Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:00:08.279Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ Joe_Andrieu
[2019-07-09T16:00:14.215Z]	<charlie>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:00:25.704Z]	<MosesMa>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:00:55.892Z]	<manu>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:01:12.807Z]	<aljones_db>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:01:18.338Z]	<manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Jul/0038.html
[2019-07-09T16:01:38.856Z]	<achughes>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:02:08.164Z]	<Adewale>	yup. Glad to be here
[2019-07-09T16:02:30.373Z]	<MosesMa>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:03:03.040Z]	<ClaireRumore>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:03:06.712Z]	<Yu-Wei_Wu>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:03:20.169Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:03:24.724Z]	<bbarnhill>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:03:35.787Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LkqZ10z7FeV3EgMIQEJ9achEYMzy1d_2S90Q_lQ0y8M/edit#heading=h.ngyk8y939osi
[2019-07-09T16:05:09.720Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:05:16.832Z]	<drummond>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:05:40.205Z]	<drummond>	Drummond cannot scribe today as I have to leave at the halfway point.
[2019-07-09T16:06:11.313Z]	<ken>	q+
[2019-07-09T16:06:22.733Z]	<agropper>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:06:28.410Z]	<manu>	scribe: manu
[2019-07-09T16:06:42.020Z]	<drummond>	Drummond asks if the DID Charter discussion can be in the first 30 mins
[2019-07-09T16:06:57.740Z]	<manu>	Topic: Introductions and Reintroductions
[2019-07-09T16:07:27.146Z]	<manu>	Rumore: Hi, I work with Moses Ma at Future Lab, he asked me to join today, nice to connect with everyone.
[2019-07-09T16:07:31.245Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:07:55.935Z]	<chrisboscolo>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:07:56.900Z]	<manu>	Adewale: Hi, my name is Adewale, with IBM, leading US Federal Cybersecurity emerging tech work. This is my first call, good to be here. :)
[2019-07-09T16:08:17.188Z]	<dlongley>	all previous minutes are here: https://w3c-ccg.github.io/meetings/
[2019-07-09T16:09:05.306Z]	<manu>	andrieu: There is a request to talk about Non Violent Communication, there was some engagement with Tzviya, anything else we would like to get on the Agenda for today?
[2019-07-09T16:09:35.650Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: We'll put you on the queue soon, Claire.
[2019-07-09T16:09:36.133Z]	<aljones_db>	@dlonely thanks
[2019-07-09T16:09:42.786Z]	<aljones_db>	@dlongley thanks
[2019-07-09T16:09:46.346Z]	<manu>	Topic: Announcements and Reminders
[2019-07-09T16:09:46.346Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Announcements/reminders - Kim, mind giving us an update?
[2019-07-09T16:10:09.411Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ to Ask Kim to announce BTCR Hackathon
[2019-07-09T16:10:19.570Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-07-09T16:10:53.046Z]	<dlongley>	manu: There's an IEEE spectrum special issue, deadline 3 days ago, submission deadline is over, there will be peer review from now until December, and hopefully then a lot of great articles about the work we're doing here will be published, it's a big deal, big issue -- dealing with work here and at DIF and IIW, etc.
[2019-07-09T16:11:05.693Z]	<dlongley>	s/and IIW and Rebooting, etc./
[2019-07-09T16:11:15.006Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ken
[2019-07-09T16:11:20.590Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-07-09T16:11:29.579Z]	<justin>	present+ Justin_Richer
[2019-07-09T16:11:36.553Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:11:43.986Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: I was going to ask Kim to talk about the BTCR hackathon in the announcements... we have a Hackathon Aug 5-9.
[2019-07-09T16:11:45.877Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-07-09T16:12:04.680Z]	<ChristopherA>	Found the url: https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/btcr-hackathon-2019
[2019-07-09T16:12:06.570Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-07-09T16:12:41.540Z]	<manu>	manu: We want to help, let us know how we can help.
[2019-07-09T16:13:05.696Z]	<manu>	joeA: Dedicated DID calls on Thursday... that's still going on, we skipped last week because of July 4th...
[2019-07-09T16:13:32.145Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-07-09T16:13:34.066Z]	<manu>	drummond: Assuming we can finish the DID Charter discussion today, they'll pick back up on Thursday.
[2019-07-09T16:14:00.940Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://www.meetup.com/Vienna-Digital-Identity-Meetup/events/262359964/
[2019-07-09T16:14:02.220Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Vienna Digital Identity meet up - before RWoT in Prague...
[2019-07-09T16:14:09.960Z]	<drummond>	Thursday DID call details: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qYBaXQMUoB86Alquu7WBtWOxsS8SMhp1fioYKEGCabE/edit?usp=sharing
[2019-07-09T16:14:10.071Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Would be great if you guys could join us there...
[2019-07-09T16:14:18.918Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	http://rwot9.eventbrite.com
[2019-07-09T16:14:26.085Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Then it's RWoT9
[2019-07-09T16:14:40.127Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Sep 3-6th... then Sep 7-8th for ActivityPub folks.
[2019-07-09T16:14:43.154Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-07-09T16:14:50.157Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-07-09T16:15:44.560Z]	<dlongley>	manu: That community has pulled in some things we've done before and we'd like to have further alignment, if you care about messaging on the Web and making it secure and SS and all that stuff good community to join.
[2019-07-09T16:15:56.790Z]	<dlongley>	s/SS/self-sovereign/
[2019-07-09T16:16:28.899Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: W3C TPAC is happening, DID WG already has a slot, that's in Fukuoka Japan... September is crazy, you'll be able to get frequent flyer miles!
[2019-07-09T16:16:30.800Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-07-09T16:16:37.046Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Then MyData in Helsinki...
[2019-07-09T16:16:49.126Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Do we have things to do on the Action Items?
[2019-07-09T16:16:49.905Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2019-07-09T16:16:58.568Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2019-07-09T16:17:13.729Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Both opened by Kim, are you the best person to review those?
[2019-07-09T16:18:20.014Z]	<manu>	bbarnhill: I can give a little update, I'm ok with closing original issue, we seem to be proceeding with Bikeshed. I can process Bikeshed in AWS, looking at it, though, there is a Travis CI approach -- better approach, have a document on how to install bikeshed on AWS/Ubuntu... additional tool, w??? HTML to PDF, give a PDF version of spec w/ PDF style bookmarks. Hoping to have a demo in short order.
[2019-07-09T16:18:21.198Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-07-09T16:18:24.235Z]	<manu>	q-
[2019-07-09T16:18:39.249Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: I did see the request to get TravisCI approved... Kim approved it.
[2019-07-09T16:18:47.866Z]	<manu>	bbarnhill: I'll be working on the TravisCI version tonight.
[2019-07-09T16:19:07.875Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: The other issue is JWK cryptosuite specs... these are from last week... sounds like we didn't review, just skip.
[2019-07-09T16:19:34.820Z]	<drummond>	Thanks Joe
[2019-07-09T16:19:39.360Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: With apologies to Claire, Drummond has to leave in 10 minutes, we'll cover Claire's stuff after that.
[2019-07-09T16:20:06.208Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Please jump onto the queue, any of the Editors of the charter/spec... the Chairs would like to bless this and move it to the next level, there is no requirement for a CG to be the source of the charter, looking for guidance.
[2019-07-09T16:20:06.705Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-07-09T16:20:20.268Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-07-09T16:20:27.753Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-07-09T16:20:45.606Z]	<ChristopherA>	Topic: DID WG Charter Proposal
[2019-07-09T16:20:45.606Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-wg-charter/
[2019-07-09T16:20:52.377Z]	<dlongley>	manu: I'm deferring to Drummond and Markus to take us through it but from a process perspective, having a proposal and resolution from the group is really helpful. Shows more than a handful of people that reviewed it.
[2019-07-09T16:21:09.214Z]	<dlongley>	manu: Tony just raised a bunch of issues last night, we don't have to process those but it's good form.
[2019-07-09T16:21:37.997Z]	<dlongley>	manu: We want the group to say we should progress the charter to the next stage, modulo any editorial changes and that we are ready for W3M to put it to a vote at this point.
[2019-07-09T16:21:44.755Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-07-09T16:21:48.733Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack drummond
[2019-07-09T16:22:10.267Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ on do we have to address these last minute issues? Can we just close?
[2019-07-09T16:22:15.959Z]	<manu>	drummond: Looks l ike Tony has added 7 issues over the last 24 hours...
[2019-07-09T16:23:11.947Z]	<manu>	drummond: I directly responded to some of them. I believe that Tony Nadalin is not operating within the bounds of civility and that I strongly believe... we held two calls just to process his issues... huge thanks to Manu for coordinating suggestions/changes, we had markus, brent, joe, lots of others contributed.
[2019-07-09T16:23:30.570Z]	<manu>	drummond: I think we have a superb charter, we propose that we submit this to W3C to move forward.
[2019-07-09T16:23:33.596Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-07-09T16:23:53.595Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-07-09T16:24:02.248Z]	<manu>	drummond: If we kept doing this, we're playing whack-a-mole for a long time, so I think we're done, we have a solid charter.
[2019-07-09T16:24:39.013Z]	<burn>	q+
[2019-07-09T16:25:06.067Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: As a Chair, if the Editor's feel there is merit, let's handle them... but, Tony has never joined this group, Microsoft isn't a member of the CCG, he's raising these issues again at the last minute, I don't interpret any of his suggestions as being principled objections... it feels like W3C Process abuse.
[2019-07-09T16:25:18.946Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: If it came to me, I don't think we need to respond to his concerns at this point.
[2019-07-09T16:25:24.228Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack burn
[2019-07-09T16:25:34.138Z]	<bbarnhill>	Don not minute pleas, but Iâ€™d like to note, as an additional data point, that I perceived the same situation when we were trying to get the Open Reputation Management Systems (ORMS) Technical Committee going on OASIS in 2008. The perceived source of the issues at that time was again Mr. Nadalin.
[2019-07-09T16:26:05.449Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-07-09T16:26:09.015Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2019-07-09T16:26:14.439Z]	<manu>	burn: Any member can propose a WG... the real question is what's going to happen once the proposal goes out. Even if Tony Nadalin objects, it's better that that's visible and public at this point... we will have an opportunity to respond and describe how extensive our work has been to date to address his concerns.
[2019-07-09T16:26:22.916Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack drummond
[2019-07-09T16:26:26.667Z]	<manu>	burn: At this point, there is no point trying to address Tony's concerns by ourselves.
[2019-07-09T16:27:01.673Z]	<heathervescent>	good point dlongley
[2019-07-09T16:27:08.448Z]	<drummond>	2 years is enough
[2019-07-09T16:27:09.746Z]	<burn>	q+ manu
[2019-07-09T16:27:24.886Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-07-09T16:28:02.127Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: I'd like to say two things... 1) There have been debates within the issues where Tony Nadalin, where Tony says "Do X", and the language was already in the spec to "Do X". There is concern that he's just rifing off concerns.
[2019-07-09T16:28:10.292Z]	<burn>	q- manu
[2019-07-09T16:28:19.033Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: On the other hand, Tony and others I won't name, some of those objections have made the charter/spec better.
[2019-07-09T16:28:45.348Z]	<drummond>	I do agree that some of Tony's issues have made the charter better. But it has gone past the point of diminishing returns.
[2019-07-09T16:28:46.725Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-07-09T16:28:51.727Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: I have appreciated Kim, Manu, and Dan's attempts to bring Tony into the fold, and we have gone way above and beyond in doing that.
[2019-07-09T16:28:52.789Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+
[2019-07-09T16:29:06.068Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack jonathan_holt
[2019-07-09T16:29:19.327Z]	<burn>	scribenick: burn
[2019-07-09T16:29:41.687Z]	<burn>	jonathan_holt: appreciate that we are closers, but in IPFS we have discourse process.
[2019-07-09T16:29:52.347Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-07-09T16:29:54.087Z]	<burn>	... for example, some issues can be closed as not relevant
[2019-07-09T16:30:03.306Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to answer Jonny
[2019-07-09T16:30:37.733Z]	<burn>	kim: want to close charter and move to vote.  not everything has to be decided in advance of a WG.  Maybe let's propose moving them to "after WG formed"
[2019-07-09T16:30:58.108Z]	<burn>	... If we don't believe his issues should block vote, we should just move them
[2019-07-09T16:31:39.050Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: we have tried to get Tony involved.  Asked him to join, emailed, had workshop in Seattle where Tony refused to address issues.  We have tried in multiple forums.
[2019-07-09T16:31:49.618Z]	<heathervescent>	q+
[2019-07-09T16:31:51.807Z]	<burn>	jonathan_holt: just want a place for conversations outside of filing issues.
[2019-07-09T16:31:57.197Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-07-09T16:32:05.026Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: CCG list would be good, but he hasn't joined
[2019-07-09T16:32:09.313Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack heathervescent
[2019-07-09T16:32:09.728Z]	<drummond>	I have to leave the call now, but I want to +1 a proposal to submit the DID WG Charter as currently drafted.
[2019-07-09T16:32:28.516Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-07-09T16:32:33.269Z]	<burn>	heathervescent: non-violent comm proposal is next.  what i'm hearing sounds like leadership problem.
[2019-07-09T16:32:50.188Z]	<burn>	... we can as a community use as opportunity to improve leadership.
[2019-07-09T16:32:54.859Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	thanks, Drummond
[2019-07-09T16:33:01.056Z]	<manu>	q+ to note it's not a leadership problem... it's a Tony problem.... but to talk about that /after/ the charter proposal.
[2019-07-09T16:33:25.789Z]	<burn>	... one view is that it's our fault/responsibility.  Ultimate ownership is one style, maybe not the best one, but we can use this as an opportunity.
[2019-07-09T16:33:44.166Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-07-09T16:33:45.806Z]	<burn>	... in case where person is adversarial this would be good practice for future challenges
[2019-07-09T16:33:56.547Z]	<burn>	manu: let's get to DID WG proposal
[2019-07-09T16:34:10.233Z]	<burn>	... proposal is in IRC
[2019-07-09T16:35:24.546Z]	<burn>	... if chairs raise proposal and it passes, then CG has agreed.  Doesn't mean no more changes will occur, since W3M has the final say.  W3C Management will have to deal with Tony's new issues if they want to.
[2019-07-09T16:35:27.630Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	PROPOSAL: The W3C Credentials Community Group has reviewed the DID WG Charter Proposal, has gathered public review and applied changes, and suggests that W3C Management moves forward with sending the DID WG Charter to the W3C Advisory Committee for final approval.
[2019-07-09T16:35:32.872Z]	<burn>	+1
[2019-07-09T16:35:33.569Z]	<dlongley>	+1
[2019-07-09T16:35:35.128Z]	<manu>	+1
[2019-07-09T16:35:36.439Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1
[2019-07-09T16:35:40.549Z]	<ken>	+1
[2019-07-09T16:35:44.270Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1
[2019-07-09T16:35:45.429Z]	<agropper>	+1
[2019-07-09T16:35:46.300Z]	<achughes>	+1
[2019-07-09T16:35:52.398Z]	<bbarnhill>	+1
[2019-07-09T16:35:52.447Z]	<markus_sabadello>	+1
[2019-07-09T16:35:55.551Z]	<MosesMa>	+1
[2019-07-09T16:35:58.147Z]	<jonathan_holt>	+1
[2019-07-09T16:36:01.428Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-07-09T16:36:04.331Z]	<dmitriz>	+1
[2019-07-09T16:36:06.331Z]	<TallTed>	+1
[2019-07-09T16:36:13.179Z]	<kezike>	+1
[2019-07-09T16:36:30.746Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: proposal passes with strong consensus
[2019-07-09T16:36:38.440Z]	<manu>	RESOLUTION: The W3C Credentials Community Group has reviewed the DID WG Charter Proposal, has gathered public review and applied changes, and suggests that W3C Management moves forward with sending the DID WG Charter to the W3C Advisory Committee for final approval.
[2019-07-09T16:36:40.277Z]	<burn>	... manu please take to W3C
[2019-07-09T16:37:42.069Z]	<burn>	manu: when we forward proposal W3C already knows about it.  We can let them know about Tony's new issues, but they are expecting it.
[2019-07-09T16:38:13.294Z]	<burn>	... once they make any edits, it will go out to AC.  Hopefully will be approved before TPAC.
[2019-07-09T16:38:38.246Z]	<burn>	... now is when we go around and get as many votes as we can.  Urge all member companies you know to approve.
[2019-07-09T16:39:14.265Z]	<burn>	... need a minimum of 25 votes.  VCWG holds the record for most number of positive vwotes.  Let's get 50-60 for DIDs.  We want to show strong broad support.
[2019-07-09T16:39:19.498Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-07-09T16:39:43.629Z]	<burn>	JoeAndrieu: Two years of work starts when the group begins :)
[2019-07-09T16:40:45.173Z]	<burn>	manu: +1 to heather.  Everyone in group stands to do better wrt communication.  It is easy to misinterpret.  However, Tony has consistent behavior over 4 years across multiple groups in multiple standards orgs .
[2019-07-09T16:41:02.832Z]	<burn>	... Tony's behavior is the worst i have ever seen anywhere
[2019-07-09T16:41:07.693Z]	<burn>	+1 from Dan Burnett
[2019-07-09T16:41:55.906Z]	<burn>	manu: we don't know why he does it, but it is incredibly destructive.  For those seeing it for the first time, you need to know he is not operating in good faith.  Really aggressive behavior that is antisocial.
[2019-07-09T16:41:58.036Z]	<heathervescent>	Appreciate that background Manu, IMO the solution is to remove him in that case.
[2019-07-09T16:42:27.886Z]	<burn>	... that said, i'm pleased that Clare is here to talk about how this can be a safe and positive environment.  It takes constant work to make sure that we live up to that.
[2019-07-09T16:42:42.619Z]	<heathervescent>	And that is a perspective of the leadership model that I mentioned, that if someone is not contributing to the forward movement of the work, then it is the leaders responsibility to resolve it, if only by removing the impact of that person.
[2019-07-09T16:42:50.726Z]	<manu>	Thanks for listening, heathervescent ... it's up to all of us to determine how to interact with him appropriately.
[2019-07-09T16:42:53.206Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-07-09T16:42:53.348Z]	<manu>	scribe: manu
[2019-07-09T16:43:01.135Z]	<manu>	Topic: Non-Violent Communication
[2019-07-09T16:43:40.455Z]	<manu>	ClaireRumore: My background in NVC is from a background in social sciences... how this relates to group cohesion. Non Violent Communication is one methodology and it's widely known, I am no master, but I have enough skill to make an introduction of the methodology for the group.
[2019-07-09T16:44:23.418Z]	<manu>	ClaireRumore: If we feel like this is useful, we can bring in a specialist. Moses raised about problematic communication that may be happening. NVC may or may not be useful to him. If he is resistant to being a group participant, it may not work, but you could use NVC to heal rifts.
[2019-07-09T16:44:40.807Z]	<manu>	ClaireRumore: There are 4 tenents to NVC - Observations, Feelings, Needs, and Requests
[2019-07-09T16:44:53.467Z]	<manu>	ClaireRumore: I put an overview of NVC in our paper...
[2019-07-09T16:46:08.786Z]	<manu>	ClaireRumore: All four of those things are important... It's clear that Tony has Needs that he's not communicating, and we need to understand those needs. He is clearly raising lots of Feelings in the group... he seeks being listened to in a particular way. When the group is put on defense, then we can't listen, and the group isn't able to process his concerns.
[2019-07-09T16:46:33.929Z]	<burn>	Tony is a special case.  We shouldn't make the NVC conversation about him.
[2019-07-09T16:46:41.398Z]	<manu>	ClaireRumore: I'm going to do a 15 minute demonstration in Prague, to highlight how this happens.
[2019-07-09T16:46:51.606Z]	<manu>	ClaireRumore: Tony may be a special case, that's for this group to decide.
[2019-07-09T16:46:59.346Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to encourage NVC within CCG and RWOT
[2019-07-09T16:47:06.136Z]	<manu>	ClaireRumore: However, NVC can help the rest of the group that want to b e team players...
[2019-07-09T16:47:17.419Z]	<burn>	+1 to bending over backwards to work with those who want to contribute productively
[2019-07-09T16:47:26.476Z]	<manu>	ClaireRumore: Otherwise, this group has good cohesion... aggression is not helpful in any group...
[2019-07-09T16:47:46.256Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Is there a link to this paper?
[2019-07-09T16:48:02.255Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-07-09T16:48:04.950Z]	<manu>	MosesMa: We'll submit this to RWoT  readings...
[2019-07-09T16:48:28.993Z]	<MosesMa>	Tony is an opportunity. I'm being serious.
[2019-07-09T16:48:37.247Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Dan Burnett, mentioned that let's not apply this to Tony because he's a special case... but many of us wanted to apply NVC to this community.
[2019-07-09T16:49:08.152Z]	<MosesMa>	Here is the NVC paper: https://www.dropbox.com/s/vcvjmrqk314ehjo/DID%20NVC%20paper%20for%20RWOT.pdf?dl=0
[2019-07-09T16:49:25.548Z]	<MosesMa>	q+
[2019-07-09T16:49:40.429Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: I grew up with 4 siblings and fought all of the time, it's second nature for me to be aggressive... it feels good for me to take the gloves off... I like conflict, but it's not always the most productive habit, and I'm very excited given the opportunity to learn more about NVC and adopt more of it's practices. Speaking as a CCG Chair and RWoT board member, let's do something in Prague.
[2019-07-09T16:49:48.633Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: And then let's figure out how to flow it into here.
[2019-07-09T16:49:57.868Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-07-09T16:50:03.700Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack MosesMa
[2019-07-09T16:50:55.559Z]	<manu>	MosesMa: I wanted to have all of you to consider Tony as a special opportunity... we should go talk with specialists in NVC, invite Tony to that meeting.
[2019-07-09T16:51:13.148Z]	<manu>	MosesMa: I don't think I asked Claire to join the list, trying to reduce amount of work we all have to do, please forward.
[2019-07-09T16:51:13.467Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-07-09T16:52:17.179Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-07-09T16:52:21.829Z]	<manu>	manu: The PWE is interested in NVC, and I'll try to make that connection.
[2019-07-09T16:52:52.266Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-07-09T16:52:55.766Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: No problem ending the call early, very happy about the DID WG Proposal. Thank you for bringing NVC to the group and W3C, Claire and Moses, we really appreciate it.
[2019-07-09T16:53:09.912Z]	<MosesMa>	bye all
[2019-07-09T16:53:10.908Z]	<ChristopherA>	Ciao everybody!
[2019-07-09T16:53:29.132Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2019-07-09T16:53:33.575Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 570
[2019-07-09T16:53:34.802Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 574
[2019-07-09T16:53:36.253Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 57e
