[2018-04-10T16:02:48.023Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: These calls are open to the public, anyone can participate... if you have not agreed to IPR policy, don't provide substantive contributions.
[2018-04-10T16:03:02.052Z]	<manu>	scribenick: Lionel
[2018-04-10T16:03:02.052Z]	<manu>	Chair: jandrieu, kimhd, christophera
[2018-04-10T16:03:02.821Z]	<kimhd>	voip: connections?
[2018-04-10T16:03:07.010Z]	<heathervescent>	There is some background noise.
[2018-04-10T16:03:11.762Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: noise?
[2018-04-10T16:03:12.604Z]	<kimhd>	voip: connections?
[2018-04-10T16:03:38.158Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: noise?
[2018-04-10T16:03:46.630Z]	<kimhd>	voip: connections?
[2018-04-10T16:04:27.150Z]	<Lionel>	Manu: New conference bridge! Cross fingers, hope it holds up.
[2018-04-10T16:04:57.423Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: noise?
[2018-04-10T16:05:03.230Z]	<manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Apr/0025.html
[2018-04-10T16:05:06.880Z]	<heathervescent>	Someone needs to mute. There is background chatter.
[2018-04-10T16:05:13.342Z]	<manu>	voip: noise?
[2018-04-10T16:05:14.253Z]	<kimhd>	q+ for intros
[2018-04-10T16:05:14.738Z]	<Lionel>	JoeAndrieu: Agenda, intro's, current actions
[2018-04-10T16:05:34.975Z]	<manu>	Topic: Introductions
[2018-04-10T16:05:36.524Z]	<Lionel>	Greening: Computer scientist, working with Moses and others to improve the market for DIDs
[2018-04-10T16:06:28.413Z]	<Lionel>	Derek: Work at Meeco, Personal Data Solution.
[2018-04-10T16:07:09.115Z]	<Lionel>	Yancy: been lurking, but first time doing an intro. Work at Pearson VUE.
[2018-04-10T16:07:24.649Z]	<Lionel>	Eykholt: Pythia -- working with RChain, scheduled for ship in Dec
[2018-04-10T16:07:48.132Z]	<Lionel>	boscolo: working on identity solution on distributed ledger
[2018-04-10T16:08:13.798Z]	<kimhd>	q-
[2018-04-10T16:08:16.273Z]	<Lionel>	Jeff: First call, was @ IIW. Digital anthropologist, looking at ways identity evolves.
[2018-04-10T16:08:21.072Z]	<kimhd>	q+ intro Lucas and Anthony
[2018-04-10T16:08:30.232Z]	<Lionel>	... attentive to the "human operating system" that is the foundation of the stack. Watching the interplay.
[2018-04-10T16:08:47.376Z]	<Lionel>	Parker: Hi, Lucas Parker, work with Kim at Learning Machine as a software developer.
[2018-04-10T16:09:07.430Z]	<Lionel>	Anthony: Hi, Anthony Ronning, also from Learning Machine
[2018-04-10T16:09:27.334Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:09:38.370Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack kimhd
[2018-04-10T16:09:57.813Z]	<Lionel>	Topic: Next Week - Crypto Tuesdays - ZKLang
[2018-04-10T16:10:08.359Z]	<Lionel>	jandrieu: Summer, bring in developers.
[2018-04-10T16:10:16.543Z]	<Lionel>	... next week Jan to attend "Crypto Tuesday"
[2018-04-10T16:10:20.292Z]	<drummond>	voip
[2018-04-10T16:11:09.370Z]	<Lionel>	Kim: Crypto Tuesday will be devoted to selective disclosure.
[2018-04-10T16:11:15.236Z]	<Lionel>	... ZKLang
[2018-04-10T16:11:19.131Z]	<manu>	Any relationship to KD Lang? :P
[2018-04-10T16:11:50.557Z]	<Lionel>	Kim: has a lot of verifiable credentials examples throughout
[2018-04-10T16:11:59.330Z]	<Lionel>	... Good opportunity for questions.
[2018-04-10T16:12:03.191Z]	<manu>	voip: 329 is bigbluehat
[2018-04-10T16:12:29.798Z]	<Lionel>	lodder: Working with Jann. High level view of ZKLang, give developers a simpler language for implementing ZK proofs
[2018-04-10T16:12:44.131Z]	<Lionel>	... math heavy, but actually is a simpler implementation
[2018-04-10T16:12:53.525Z]	<Lionel>	... wraps different methods into a common language to be used
[2018-04-10T16:13:19.394Z]	<manu>	Topic: Action Items
[2018-04-10T16:13:27.891Z]	<drummond>	voip:
[2018-04-10T16:13:48.771Z]	<Lionel>	Manu: DID method spec, almost published... Many pull requests pending.
[2018-04-10T16:13:48.992Z]	<nage>	voip: 32a is nage
[2018-04-10T16:14:00.271Z]	<Lionel>	... will take rest of April. Good progress.
[2018-04-10T16:14:17.593Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2018-04-10T16:14:25.513Z]	<ChristianLundkvist>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:14:40.943Z]	<Lionel>	Kim: Created github issues for each step to be done.
[2018-04-10T16:15:00.237Z]	<Lionel>	Topic: MyData Panel at Helsinki
[2018-04-10T16:15:18.194Z]	<Lionel>	jandrieu: Markus around to report status?
[2018-04-10T16:15:22.119Z]	<manu>	q+ to add "Stories" item to Agenda.
[2018-04-10T16:15:40.579Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-04-10T16:15:42.641Z]	<manu>	q-
[2018-04-10T16:15:53.475Z]	<drummond>	voip: 326 is drummond
[2018-04-10T16:15:57.050Z]	<dlongley>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:15:59.815Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-04-10T16:16:23.103Z]	<dlongley>	due by April 19th I believe
[2018-04-10T16:16:47.131Z]	<Lionel>	Manu: Markus has shared via email, that there is time to add session topics to the Helsinki conference.
[2018-04-10T16:17:05.855Z]	<Lionel>	... Markus has a session setup devoted to these topics.
[2018-04-10T16:17:15.294Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-04-10T16:17:17.223Z]	<manu>	q-
[2018-04-10T16:17:18.290Z]	<Ed_Eykholt>	I'm interested in this.  ed.eykholt@pithia.com
[2018-04-10T16:17:31.901Z]	<drummond>	I strongly encourage CCG members to attend if you can and submit CCG talks for MyData2018.
[2018-04-10T16:17:51.853Z]	<Lionel>	Manu: Breakout session focused on non-tech people (philosophy, humanities, UX) --
[2018-04-10T16:18:02.255Z]	<Lionel>	... good progress there and we some people attending here as a result.
[2018-04-10T16:18:30.842Z]	<Lionel>	Topic: Work items - DID Spec and DID Methods
[2018-04-10T16:18:44.438Z]	<kimhd>	q+ work items
[2018-04-10T16:19:15.817Z]	<manu>	Lionel: Lots of Chairs to do things in Action Items... is that being progressed. DID Use Cases, DID Charter, etc.
[2018-04-10T16:19:21.863Z]	<manu>	q+ to report on DID WG Charter.
[2018-04-10T16:19:59.382Z]	<kimhd>	yes, chairs need to follow up in earnest this week
[2018-04-10T16:20:03.174Z]	<Lionel>	jandrieu: "Chairs" actions remain on the list. Some will be reported on in the IIW report-out
[2018-04-10T16:20:39.800Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:20:41.064Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:20:44.622Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack kimhd
[2018-04-10T16:21:12.900Z]	<Lionel>	Kim: Occupational VCs. Reviewed paper around alignment of VCs and Open Badges
[2018-04-10T16:21:26.615Z]	<Lionel>	... options how to structure the Verfiable Credentials envelope
[2018-04-10T16:21:35.825Z]	<Lionel>	... leaning towards an option that makes good sense
[2018-04-10T16:21:42.251Z]	<Lionel>	... Minutes to follow from Kim, soon.
[2018-04-10T16:21:42.511Z]	<mikelodder>	q+
[2018-04-10T16:21:59.193Z]	<Lionel>	... add to work items, Kim did a pull request on the methods spec.
[2018-04-10T16:22:10.193Z]	<manu>	+1 for initial skeleton version, update w/ dates.
[2018-04-10T16:22:22.615Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:22:27.491Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-04-10T16:22:27.551Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2018-04-10T16:22:48.012Z]	<Lionel>	Manu: DID working group charter being worked on.
[2018-04-10T16:23:09.285Z]	<Lionel>	... Some discussion on a DID Working Group at W3C. May announce in W3C Plenary.
[2018-04-10T16:23:27.024Z]	<Lionel>	... if it is to happen, lots of work to complete and key milestones/events to meet on the way
[2018-04-10T16:24:09.865Z]	<Lionel>	... But people, NOTE-- the interest in DID that is generating 'rumors' or thoughts of other groups doing a DID working group
[2018-04-10T16:24:19.991Z]	<kimhd>	thanks @manu; will do
[2018-04-10T16:24:22.474Z]	<Lionel>	... NOTE that this could harm the process of getting the WG going at W3C.
[2018-04-10T16:24:56.053Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:24:57.060Z]	<Lionel>	... Let's allow the W3C process to complete, we need this to happen at the right time, and based on the right deployments of the spec and so on
[2018-04-10T16:25:03.071Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack mikelodder
[2018-04-10T16:25:23.057Z]	<Lionel>	mikelodder: COmpleted Sovrin DID method spec, published in the Sovrin foundations git repo
[2018-04-10T16:25:28.925Z]	<manu>	q+ to request that mikelodder do a PR to include that in the registry
[2018-04-10T16:25:42.433Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-04-10T16:25:51.623Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-method-registry/pulls/
[2018-04-10T16:26:19.742Z]	<lodder>	Sovrin DID Method here: https://github.com/sovrin-foundation/sovrin/blob/master/spec/did-method-spec-template.html
[2018-04-10T16:26:25.323Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:26:43.594Z]	<Lionel>	Topic: IIW26 Report Out
[2018-04-10T16:26:48.903Z]	<drummond>	Just FYI, just for the record, I have an action item to complete my issues and PRs on the DID spec.
[2018-04-10T16:26:59.480Z]	<Lionel>	jandrieu: Work item -- drum up W3C Member company support for DID WG.
[2018-04-10T16:27:26.298Z]	<Lionel>	... 3 companies were very receptive and supportive. Good start.
[2018-04-10T16:27:39.430Z]	<Lionel>	... Window of six months to onboard them.
[2018-04-10T16:27:52.142Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:27:53.279Z]	<manu>	q+ to Stories and CCG
[2018-04-10T16:27:59.702Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-04-10T16:28:06.475Z]	<Lionel>	Manu: breakout session @ IIW.
[2018-04-10T16:28:35.784Z]	<Lionel>	... Triggered by a piece by Samantha. She expressed, 'my background is not STEM but I want to participate'
[2018-04-10T16:29:01.539Z]	<Lionel>	... Session to humanize DIDs and engage philo, humanities, UX people
[2018-04-10T16:29:08.804Z]	<manu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/stories/
[2018-04-10T16:29:19.555Z]	<Lionel>	... Heather is interested, Jeff attended this call ;could inolove Samantha, Denise
[2018-04-10T16:29:26.731Z]	<Lionel>	... outcome: a focus on stories.
[2018-04-10T16:29:29.738Z]	<Moses>	"Humanizing DIDs" is brilliant
[2018-04-10T16:29:41.022Z]	<Lionel>	manu: Stories that explain what we are trying to achieve here.
[2018-04-10T16:30:04.714Z]	<Lionel>	... explainers, stories, fables, sagas-- open a wide tent including the format (word, git, PDF)
[2018-04-10T16:30:34.980Z]	<Lionel>	... Next step Heather, Jeff, Manu strategize on how to engage these people and reap what they produce
[2018-04-10T16:31:11.276Z]	<kimhd>	action: Chairs to add CCG Stories to work items.
[2018-04-10T16:31:29.091Z]	<Lionel>	jandrieu: Add to work items: Add stories.
[2018-04-10T16:31:39.161Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:31:43.754Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2018-04-10T16:31:57.470Z]	<manu>	Lionel: I'm interested in Veres One working session?
[2018-04-10T16:32:04.382Z]	<manu>	q+ to comment on DID Method works streams.
[2018-04-10T16:32:11.411Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack drummon
[2018-04-10T16:32:17.611Z]	<manu>	ack drummond
[2018-04-10T16:32:27.793Z]	<heathervescent>	Kim - I can totally make [School House Rock for VCs and DIDs] happen, just need some funding and have some convos.
[2018-04-10T16:32:44.314Z]	<Lionel>	Drummond: There was a Sovrin discussion, overview, along with the DID methods under development.
[2018-04-10T16:32:58.151Z]	<Lionel>	... DKMS demo was shown, the same that was done at DHS
[2018-04-10T16:33:19.474Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to talk about general sense of CCG work (DIDs, VCs, SSI)
[2018-04-10T16:33:39.694Z]	<Lionel>	... largest session was explaining ZK proofs using only Japanese high school math
[2018-04-10T16:34:01.014Z]	<Dan_Greening>	https://www.ultrasaurus.com/2018/04/zero-knowledge-proof-trust-without-shared-secrets/
[2018-04-10T16:34:13.694Z]	<Dan_Greening>	^^ is a transcription
[2018-04-10T16:34:17.051Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:34:20.959Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-04-10T16:34:40.234Z]	<Lionel>	Manu: Veres One did a number of sessions at IIW. 
[2018-04-10T16:34:40.234Z]	<manu>	We did a Verifiable Credentials and DIDs Primer: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1GMQy4rI093c_9zojwLRgp2r-fTscpDUSfX-wqwBk4j4
[2018-04-10T16:34:40.234Z]	<manu>	We did a DID Methods Lightning Talk series: http://iiw.idcommons.net/DID_Ledger_Lightening_Talks
[2018-04-10T16:34:40.234Z]	<manu>	We did a Veres One Demo session: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1H3Uej16DilTDOL8BKqKQKdhhrdPkk6BoJTectlfwGko
[2018-04-10T16:34:40.234Z]	<manu>	We did a Veres One Deep Dive: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1bUZbtgdxKxTR1it10G9ZozYGD486qxZTBPuiOZjzoT4
[2018-04-10T16:34:52.051Z]	<drummond>	The link to the DKMS Design and Architecture document that was released by Evernym to the Hyperledger Indy repository is https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-sdk/blob/master/doc/dkms/DKMS%20Design%20and%20Architecture%20V3.md
[2018-04-10T16:34:55.739Z]	<Lionel>	... primer on DIDs and VCs. Well attended.
[2018-04-10T16:35:40.971Z]	<Lionel>	... Lightning Talk style presentations on DID methods as they are being implemented. Nathn on Sovrin. UPort presented. IPFS. Veres.One
[2018-04-10T16:36:07.497Z]	<Lionel>	... deep dives followed. Evernym/Sovrin did one. Veres.One did a deep dive on governance and performance.
[2018-04-10T16:36:29.431Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-04-10T16:36:44.551Z]	<manu>	They had 250+ people at this IIW
[2018-04-10T16:36:49.671Z]	<manu>	Normally, they have around 180
[2018-04-10T16:36:51.638Z]	<Lionel>	jandrieu: IIW was very well attended.
[2018-04-10T16:37:29.140Z]	<Lionel>	... In addition to the usual philosophy and high level discussion, there was detailed discussion of DIDs, CCG, self-sovereign identity
[2018-04-10T16:38:25.612Z]	<nage>	There were many interesting sessions with reasonable notes (one example http://iiw.idcommons.net/User-Controlled_GDPR_Consent_Cookie)
[2018-04-10T16:38:25.801Z]	<Lionel>	... ChrisA polled the room to see if this was "NOT" reasonable, and Joe was pleased to see half the number of responses
[2018-04-10T16:38:46.919Z]	<Lionel>	... There are some "anti-" and skeptical folks, who don't see how blockchain is a practical solution
[2018-04-10T16:39:12.285Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:39:28.991Z]	<Lionel>	... but the overall indication was real engagement and positive reactions, traction, to the proposed uses of Blockchain that we are discussing
[2018-04-10T16:40:04.391Z]	<Lionel>	jandrieu: Point of clarification: the Verifiable CLaims Working Group is a different group
[2018-04-10T16:40:06.270Z]	<manu>	Topic: Verifiable Claims WG Meeting
[2018-04-10T16:40:34.471Z]	<manu>	Meeting minutes for VCWG: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-vc-wg/2018Apr/0010.html
[2018-04-10T16:40:56.558Z]	<manu>	Minutes themselves: https://www.w3.org/2018/04/06-vcwg-minutes.html
[2018-04-10T16:41:18.962Z]	<Lionel>	Manu: We had good attendance-- a good sign
[2018-04-10T16:41:50.179Z]	<Lionel>	.... extensibility was highlighted and we understand now that we need to clarify this
[2018-04-10T16:42:08.460Z]	<Lionel>	... clarify how Sovrin does its proofs, and signatures do that in credentials and DIDs
[2018-04-10T16:42:15.240Z]	<Lionel>	... Did Auth discussions at IIW
[2018-04-10T16:42:30.841Z]	<Lionel>	... interesting ideas about hardware-backed keys participating in signature generation
[2018-04-10T16:42:34.115Z]	<dlongley>	(and doing it on the Web)
[2018-04-10T16:42:39.759Z]	<dlongley>	(Web API)
[2018-04-10T16:42:45.551Z]	<Lionel>	... critical for high stakes/high value transactions, e.g. high cost governmental interactions
[2018-04-10T16:43:06.451Z]	<Lionel>	... W3C extended their hands and were interested in contributing in order to add that layer of security
[2018-04-10T16:43:10.923Z]	<Lionel>	... solid progress overall
[2018-04-10T16:43:32.263Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:43:32.332Z]	<Lionel>	... some more subtle issues surrounding philosophy and design really benefited from the face to face time
[2018-04-10T16:43:39.183Z]	<manu>	VCWG face to face issue tracker: https://github.com/w3c/vc-data-model/issues
[2018-04-10T16:44:32.591Z]	<drummond>	+1 to Manu's point that there was great progress in seeing a path for how Sovrin verifiable credentials that use ZKP can fit within the standard definition of VCs that the WG is creating.
[2018-04-10T16:44:44.396Z]	<Lionel>	jandrieu: Face to faces are extremely valuable for the subtle work. So hey, get on a train/plane/bus and come on over!
[2018-04-10T16:44:54.372Z]	<drummond>	+1 to Joe's point about how much progress can be made at F2F meetings.
[2018-04-10T16:45:20.754Z]	<Lionel>	jandrieu: Next TPAC with expected big push...
[2018-04-10T16:45:40.604Z]	<manu>	q+ Lionel
[2018-04-10T16:45:49.951Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:45:56.559Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack Lionel
[2018-04-10T16:46:12.112Z]	<manu>	Lionel: Face to face -- there are other venues. Is Consensus in NYC going to attract DID folks?
[2018-04-10T16:46:19.852Z]	<Lionel>	Lionel: Who is attending Consensus in May, NYC
[2018-04-10T16:46:23.156Z]	<manu>	Veres One won't be at Consensus.
[2018-04-10T16:46:30.923Z]	<manu>	Sherry_from_Dominode: We'll be there w/ a booth.
[2018-04-10T16:46:41.913Z]	<drummond>	Drummond will be at Consensus - and a number of other folks from the Sovrin Foundation.
[2018-04-10T16:47:27.194Z]	<achughes>	q+
[2018-04-10T16:47:39.683Z]	<Moses>	It's Cherie Duncan
[2018-04-10T16:47:49.232Z]	<manu>	Lionel: Impact of changes in impact of Facebook? More interest?
[2018-04-10T16:47:51.761Z]	<nage>	Also a note that many folks will be at the European Identity Conference that runs the same time as Consensus
[2018-04-10T16:48:00.192Z]	<Lionel>	Lionel: comment on the Facebook personal data leak issues and its impact...
[2018-04-10T16:48:11.134Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2018-04-10T16:48:26.854Z]	<Lionel>	jandrieu: More a shift in Twitter debates (as opposed to FB)
[2018-04-10T16:48:42.717Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:48:52.563Z]	<Lionel>	... This was more an outside IIW, but it is getting clear that some things broken in FB can be fixed by DIDs
[2018-04-10T16:49:06.003Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack achughes
[2018-04-10T16:49:09.491Z]	<cwebber2>	I'm here
[2018-04-10T16:49:22.971Z]	<cwebber2>	q+
[2018-04-10T16:49:35.855Z]	<Lionel>	achughes: Twitter is the focus of a debate about verifiable credentials
[2018-04-10T16:49:42.020Z]	<Ed_Eykholt>	Nice article by  Kailya Young https://www.coindesk.com/theres-alternative-facebook-called-self-sovereign-identity/
[2018-04-10T16:50:04.656Z]	<manu>	q+ to request next steps and focus over next few months -- DID WG Charter, Use Cases, Privacy IG, TAG Review, etc.
[2018-04-10T16:50:11.720Z]	<Lionel>	... self sovereign identity is attracting interest in multiple threads
[2018-04-10T16:50:13.135Z]	<drummond>	Andrew is right - there is still a lot of confusion about self-sovereign identity and verifiable credentials. The Twitter threads are good evidence of that.
[2018-04-10T16:50:17.525Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ SSI as ideology v mechanisms
[2018-04-10T16:50:26.811Z]	<Moses>	A couple of notable media companies have asked me to assemble a webinar/podcast about how DIDs might fix Facebook's problems. If anyone has ideas about this, I'd love to hear from you.
[2018-04-10T16:50:30.073Z]	<heathervescent>	Can someone link to the twitter thread?
[2018-04-10T16:50:39.004Z]	<Lionel>	... people in the user-centric movement are trying to reconcile latest developments
[2018-04-10T16:50:58.120Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:51:02.951Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack drummond
[2018-04-10T16:51:05.415Z]	<Lionel>	... looking at the similarities and new features e.g. cryptographic proofs, and the latter does show that there is some innovation and something new here
[2018-04-10T16:51:29.231Z]	<Lionel>	Drummond: The thread on Twitter is indeed engaging the user-centric folks (openID, UMA, SAML)
[2018-04-10T16:51:48.963Z]	<Lionel>	... surprising amount of push back and lack of understanding differentiating between that (openID, UMA, SAML) and DIDs
[2018-04-10T16:51:54.874Z]	<Lionel>	... solutions and working code will help
[2018-04-10T16:52:18.240Z]	<Lionel>	... FB issues: IIW did have some conversations. And Sovrin is experiencing more inbound interest, Kaliya's article helped.
[2018-04-10T16:52:31.794Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:52:37.051Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack cwebber2
[2018-04-10T16:52:37.757Z]	<Lionel>	SSI = self-sovereign identity
[2018-04-10T16:52:55.736Z]	<Lionel>	cwebber2: I work on ActivityPub
[2018-04-10T16:53:10.464Z]	<Lionel>	... we see an uptick in people involved with the federated social networks
[2018-04-10T16:53:27.659Z]	<Lionel>	... alternatives are in place to catch people who are now looking
[2018-04-10T16:53:37.603Z]	<Lionel>	... current interfaces are more like Twitter, less like FB
[2018-04-10T16:53:53.104Z]	<Lionel>	... but these use a small portion of the technologies discussed here
[2018-04-10T16:53:59.613Z]	<Lionel>	... DIDs are not used (obviously)
[2018-04-10T16:54:09.364Z]	<Lionel>	... for those interested, look at Social Community Group
[2018-04-10T16:54:10.740Z]	<Ed_Eykholt>	cwebber2: could you send a link to some of your work on decentralized social networks?
[2018-04-10T16:54:39.502Z]	<Lionel>	.... This FB incident is an extreme screwup, but this is not a unique event. FB/Twitter leaks will continue to drive interest in us
[2018-04-10T16:54:42.731Z]	<manu>	https://www.w3.org/community/fedsocweb/
[2018-04-10T16:54:58.257Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:55:01.431Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-04-10T16:55:46.859Z]	<cwebber2>	https://www.w3.org/wiki/SocialCG
[2018-04-10T16:55:47.236Z]	<Lionel>	Manu: Urges us to focus on what has to be done to serve the upcoming opportunities
[2018-04-10T16:55:48.080Z]	<drummond>	+1 to Chris' point that the migration from centralized social networks to decentralized social networks is going to take years, and that it will have many small milestones, not one huge leap.
[2018-04-10T16:55:58.752Z]	<Lionel>	... use cases, architectural review, privacy review...
[2018-04-10T16:56:14.461Z]	<Lionel>	... these are critical milestones and if we miss we will not make the TPAC requirements
[2018-04-10T16:56:20.854Z]	<achughes>	heathervescent, start here and follow down https://twitter.com/coindesk/status/982076954336808961
[2018-04-10T16:56:47.464Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-04-10T16:56:53.057Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-04-10T16:57:07.711Z]	<achughes>	heathervescent, also here: https://twitter.com/bobblakley/status/983345568725553152
[2018-04-10T16:57:40.572Z]	<Lionel>	jandrieu: Twitter engagement is bringing UMA, SAML advocates to look at the DID/VC work and dialog with this group
[2018-04-10T16:58:19.271Z]	<Lionel>	... Issue: conflation of SSI ideology (political movement reclaiming human authority) with SSI mechanisms (systems, technological manifestations/implementations)
[2018-04-10T16:58:41.635Z]	<Lionel>	... Focusing on untangling these two issues can help move forward the conversation
[2018-04-10T16:58:56.552Z]	<Lionel>	... as there are $$$$Billions already invested in IT that will need to work with these new systems
[2018-04-10T16:59:17.345Z]	<Lionel>	jandrieu: proposed, upload twitter threads as stories
[2018-04-10T16:59:28.671Z]	<Lionel>	Lionel: <clapping for first story experiment!>
[2018-04-10T16:59:45.151Z]	<Lionel>	jandrieu: Sovrin method spec, propose to review on a call
[2018-04-10T16:59:53.291Z]	<Lionel>	... next week ZKLang focus
[2018-04-10T17:00:50.957Z]	<Moses>	bye people
[2018-04-10T17:00:54.285Z]	<kimhd>	bye!
[2018-04-10T17:01:01.503Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	cheers all
[2018-04-10T17:01:01.503Z]	<manu>	present+ vescent, duncan, linklater, tallted, chadwick, moses, lehn, drummond, achughes, nage, Yancy, boscolo, kam, parker, eykholt, andrieu, webber, nage, hartog, lionel, ottonomy, lundkvist, aronning
