[2018-08-21T15:59:45.300Z]	<kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Aug/0070.html
[2018-08-21T15:59:45.350Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2018-08-21T16:00:29.736Z]	<ChristopherA>	voip: 08a is Christopher Allen
[2018-08-21T16:00:35.578Z]	<dlongley>	regrets+ Dave_Longley
[2018-08-21T16:01:02.798Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	howdy.
[2018-08-21T16:01:06.271Z]	<burn>	regrets+
[2018-08-21T16:01:09.162Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	I'm having troubles dialing in.
[2018-08-21T16:01:14.926Z]	<markus_sabadello>	voip: 0000008e is markus_sabadello
[2018-08-21T16:01:18.052Z]	<lparker_>	present+
[2018-08-21T16:01:18.400Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2018-08-21T16:01:20.066Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2018-08-21T16:01:22.685Z]	<mike-lodder>	present+ Mike Lodder
[2018-08-21T16:01:28.163Z]	<manu>	preesnt+
[2018-08-21T16:01:29.803Z]	<manu>	present+
[2018-08-21T16:01:33.934Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2018-08-21T16:01:35.880Z]	<nage>	regrets+
[2018-08-21T16:01:41.970Z]	<JeffO-StL>	Present+
[2018-08-21T16:01:45.786Z]	<AnthonyRonning>	voip: 097 is AnthonyRonning
[2018-08-21T16:01:50.272Z]	<AnthonyRonning>	Present+
[2018-08-21T16:01:51.746Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2018-08-21T16:01:55.485Z]	<rgrant>	present+
[2018-08-21T16:02:04.240Z]	<drabiv>	present+
[2018-08-21T16:02:05.111Z]	<rgrant>	voip-ccg: connections
[2018-08-21T16:02:29.031Z]	<rgrant>	voip-ccg: 090 is rgrant
[2018-08-21T16:03:16.027Z]	<kezike>	present+
[2018-08-21T16:03:45.956Z]	<drabiv>	voip: 09d is drabiv
[2018-08-21T16:03:55.122Z]	<drabiv>	present+
[2018-08-21T16:04:31.959Z]	<cwebber2>	present+
[2018-08-21T16:04:32.124Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	present+
[2018-08-21T16:04:34.271Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2018-08-21T16:04:55.452Z]	<drummond>	present+
[2018-08-21T16:05:20.432Z]	<Yancy_>	present+
[2018-08-21T16:05:21.555Z]	<drummond>	voip: connections?
[2018-08-21T16:05:41.307Z]	<drummond>	voip: 09e is drummond
[2018-08-21T16:07:10.932Z]	<manu>	scribe: drummond
[2018-08-21T16:08:25.812Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: We have four focus use cases to go over today.
[2018-08-21T16:08:30.555Z]	<heathervescent>	Yes, that is correct, and I can be pithy.
[2018-08-21T16:08:45.095Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-08-21T16:08:48.155Z]	<drummond>	...time may be tight, so we'll carry on other use cases with future calls.
[2018-08-21T16:09:20.473Z]	<manu>	q-
[2018-08-21T16:11:31.721Z]	<drummond>	heathervescent: Has been in the identity community for a long time. Is a translator person—thinks about identity from a human perspective.
[2018-08-21T16:11:57.234Z]	<drummond>	...was in silicon valley for 10 years, then got her masters and became a trained futurist.
[2018-08-21T16:12:19.904Z]	<drummond>	...has done many projects in the identity space. About 5 years ago, did a major project on the Digital Asset Grid with SWIFT.
[2018-08-21T16:12:50.717Z]	<drummond>	...is passionate about helping translate the "deep dark hole of identity" to the real world.
[2018-08-21T16:13:49.825Z]	<drummond>	...has been spending the summer working with identitywoman and others in the space (including Markus - big help) and others on the CCG to write a report explaining SSI.
[2018-08-21T16:14:30.637Z]	<drummond>	...it explains why SSI can solve many of the longstanding problems in the area of identity. It goes into 10 areas of analyzing the space.
[2018-08-21T16:15:06.775Z]	<heathervescent>	https://ssiscoop.com/
[2018-08-21T16:15:09.273Z]	<drummond>	...The report was written for a C-level audience to help them understand the space and also educate regulators and other influences.
[2018-08-21T16:15:50.783Z]	<drummond>	...It is a 132 page report. Heather will provide a URL. If you are interested in buying a copy, contact heathervescent or identitywoman.
[2018-08-21T16:16:06.656Z]	<drummond>	...They hope it will advance the work we are all doing.
[2018-08-21T16:16:46.653Z]	<drummond>	...The price point actively funds the work that heathervescent and identitywoman are doing for the community.
[2018-08-21T16:16:47.919Z]	<manu>	+1 awesome work!
[2018-08-21T16:16:52.937Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	q+ about mydata
[2018-08-21T16:17:11.271Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: Announcements. MyData2018 is coming up Aug 29-31 in Helsinki.
[2018-08-21T16:17:19.492Z]	<heathervescent>	Here's also my book, Cyber Attack Survival Manual, if you are interested: https://www.amazon.com/Cyber-Survival-Manual-Apocalypse-Everything/dp/1681881756/
[2018-08-21T16:17:45.244Z]	<drummond>	...Aug 24 is the deadline for early bird pricing for Rebooting the Web of Trust.
[2018-08-21T16:18:31.253Z]	<drummond>	...the topic paper deadline is Sept 8th
[2018-08-21T16:18:47.451Z]	<drummond>	...please submit your topic papers prior to that date - that enables other people to read them.
[2018-08-21T16:19:13.200Z]	<drummond>	...please do submit a short brief paper - 1-2 pages is sufficient.
[2018-08-21T16:19:24.718Z]	<manu>	q+ to note some TPAC deadlines.
[2018-08-21T16:19:27.136Z]	<drummond>	...W3C TPAC is Oct 23-26
[2018-08-21T16:19:43.218Z]	<drummond>	...Internet Identity Workshop is October 23-25 in Mountain View.
[2018-08-21T16:19:59.001Z]	<drummond>	...unfortunately there is a conflict this year but nothing we can do about that.
[2018-08-21T16:20:02.521Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-08-21T16:20:11.598Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack markus_sabadello_
[2018-08-21T16:20:52.185Z]	<drummond>	markus_sabadello_: There is one slot open next week at MyData2018 for a speaker to replace Dimitri. If you are interested, get in touch with Markus.
[2018-08-21T16:21:17.611Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-08-21T16:21:18.885Z]	<drummond>	...that comes with a free ticket, so let Markus know.
[2018-08-21T16:21:31.716Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: 00ac is bigbluehat
[2018-08-21T16:21:51.652Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Contact me at markus@danubetech.com if you're interested to do a 10 min talk next Friday at MyData on a topic related to decentralization, interoperability, identity, protocols, standards.
[2018-08-21T16:21:59.215Z]	<drummond>	manu: About W3C TPAC: two notes. There will likely be a workshop on Decentralized Identifiers in December (date TBD).
[2018-08-21T16:22:25.957Z]	<drummond>	...at TPAC, Manu also anticipates a lot of meetings and socialization on DIDs.
[2018-08-21T16:22:46.025Z]	<drummond>	...We have an early spec and a primer, but we still need use cases.
[2018-08-21T16:23:07.957Z]	<drummond>	...We need to start to gather statements of support, ideally from very large organizations, for the new WG.
[2018-08-21T16:23:30.535Z]	<drummond>	...The deadline for all this is two weeks before TPAC.
[2018-08-21T16:23:32.166Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2018-08-21T16:23:57.554Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack drummond
[2018-08-21T16:24:04.996Z]	<manu>	ACTION: Manu to draft survey in support of DIDs.
[2018-08-21T16:24:22.481Z]	<manu>	drummond: Service addressing/naming changes to spec... issues to spec.
[2018-08-21T16:25:12.812Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-08-21T16:25:32.654Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-08-21T16:25:57.191Z]	<drummond>	drummond: Several new PRs have been submitted on the DID spec, including service selection. He suggested that we will likely need a few special calls in September.
[2018-08-21T16:26:12.265Z]	<manu>	https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-multiformats-multihash-00
[2018-08-21T16:26:29.715Z]	<mike-lodder>	Is this IPFS?
[2018-08-21T16:26:40.952Z]	<bigbluehat>	http://ipfs.io/
[2018-08-21T16:26:45.598Z]	<drummond>	manu: He has been working with the Protocol Labs team on the multihash IRC. They use cryptographic identifiers that are similar to those used by Sovrin and by Veres One.
[2018-08-21T16:27:00.223Z]	<bigbluehat>	https://protocol.ai/
[2018-08-21T16:27:06.646Z]	<rgrant>	those are not persistent identifiers...
[2018-08-21T16:27:09.883Z]	<drummond>	...Protocol Labs raised $230M for FileCoin to build a decentralized storage system "for the galaxy".
[2018-08-21T16:27:24.412Z]	<drummond>	...They use some of the same building blocks as other SSI ledgers.
[2018-08-21T16:27:31.095Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-dvcg/lds-ed25519-2018/issues/3
[2018-08-21T16:28:22.363Z]	<drummond>	...They use Ed25519 keys and other primitives, so if we can align this across the community and can work with Bitcoin and Ethereum in addition to Sovrin and Veres One and IPFS.
[2018-08-21T16:28:23.312Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-08-21T16:29:03.696Z]	<drabiv>	@Manu What is the difference between crypto identifiers and DIDs? Any source to read about it?
[2018-08-21T16:29:24.296Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: Four use cases that need to reported out today. cwebber2 will report on one of them. Anil John has one but is still going through IPR checks.
[2018-08-21T16:29:35.126Z]	<mike-lodder>	@drabiv DID's are a crypto identifier
[2018-08-21T16:29:49.059Z]	<drummond>	...All of the ones submitted are candidates that are in the needs map for what can be done with DIDs.
[2018-08-21T16:30:00.716Z]	<drummond>	...This needs to be boiled down to three.
[2018-08-21T16:30:13.572Z]	<rgrant>	drabiv: my take is that the crypto identifiers are hashes of documents that can be linked to, but they are not usable if a document changes.
[2018-08-21T16:30:30.797Z]	<rgrant>	drummond: this means DIDs have a different place for persistent identifiers.
[2018-08-21T16:30:34.375Z]	<heathervescent>	I can bring my editing knives to the table! Count me in!
[2018-08-21T16:30:47.318Z]	<drummond>	...Asks if heathervescent will have time for helping with the use cases.
[2018-08-21T16:30:48.751Z]	<rgrant>	rgrant: drabiv sorry meant to tag you not drummond
[2018-08-21T16:31:05.520Z]	<drummond>	...We will probably have some separate calls to push through the first draft at least.
[2018-08-21T16:31:21.081Z]	<drummond>	...He would like to have a third volunteer on that work as well.
[2018-08-21T16:31:23.112Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-08-21T16:32:02.702Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wz8sakevXzO2OSMP341w7M2LjAMZfEQaTQEm_AOs3_Q/edit?usp=sharing
[2018-08-21T16:32:21.781Z]	<drummond>	...We will now dive into the use cases, starting with #16.
[2018-08-21T16:32:43.273Z]	<drummond>	heathervescent: The use case is "Collective Identity".
[2018-08-21T16:33:08.523Z]	<drummond>	...This is different that many others, as is doesn't involve individuals directly, but as a group working together on a project.
[2018-08-21T16:33:38.594Z]	<drummond>	...These individuals are acting collaboratively, for example as organizers of an event like Barcamp or RWOT.
[2018-08-21T16:34:13.593Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to inquire about legal liability
[2018-08-21T16:34:15.197Z]	<drummond>	...the individuals may be acting in different roles, managing finances, producing documents, organizing events.
[2018-08-21T16:34:28.265Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-08-21T16:34:33.935Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-08-21T16:34:39.058Z]	<drummond>	...different people have different capabilities to do things on behalf of the collective.
[2018-08-21T16:35:28.083Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: As soon as a group enters into a partnership (formal or informal), they have collective liability. In terms of this use case, was Heather thinking about this?
[2018-08-21T16:35:54.243Z]	<identitywoman>	One of the people in my network David (last name escaping me) is working on minimal viable governance to support this type of use case.
[2018-08-21T16:35:55.043Z]	<drummond>	heathervescent: Yes, the legal organization and structure of the group entity is a great question.
[2018-08-21T16:35:55.404Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-08-21T16:36:09.355Z]	<identitywoman>	HE is actually working on spinning up a journal about Governance and another one about trust.
[2018-08-21T16:36:33.832Z]	<drummond>	...she is looking at this is to NOT address those specific legal structures, but a new lightweight legal entity that would be similar to an autonomous organization.
[2018-08-21T16:36:35.034Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-08-21T16:36:52.532Z]	<drummond>	...it is new, much like a B corp was new to corporate structures.
[2018-08-21T16:37:11.572Z]	<identitywoman>	Yes Drummond AND you need to anchor it and he is specifically looking at how things come into being rapidly doing things and disband.
[2018-08-21T16:37:13.943Z]	<drummond>	ChristopherA: Is an advisor to new blockchain law creation.
[2018-08-21T16:37:54.907Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	q+ relation of Proof Stake to this Group Identity concept
[2018-08-21T16:38:07.944Z]	<drummond>	...Due to the nature of LLCs, the ownership can be quite complex. There is no reason that a cryptographic identifier cannot mirror that complexity, such as a multi-sig scheme.
[2018-08-21T16:38:35.953Z]	<drummond>	...LLCs were actually invented in Wyoming, with one goal of preserving the privacy of investors.
[2018-08-21T16:39:04.074Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-08-21T16:39:11.845Z]	<drummond>	...so this work is compatible and in the same spirit. So Wyoming is looking at how to adapt LLC law to blockchains.
[2018-08-21T16:39:13.492Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack Lionel_Wolberger
[2018-08-21T16:39:59.559Z]	<drummond>	Lionel_Wolberger: Finds this approach exciting and wants to ask if this form of collective identity could be applied to proof-of-stake?
[2018-08-21T16:40:05.543Z]	<drummond>	...as it is a hot subject.
[2018-08-21T16:40:40.575Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-08-21T16:40:44.381Z]	<drummond>	heathervescent: One of the major issues with blockchain tech early on was that it did not mesh well with the real world of people, so she's very interested in that.
[2018-08-21T16:40:51.273Z]	<rgrant>	drabiv: see https://ipld.io/ for more on ipfs CID idea.
[2018-08-21T16:41:03.964Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: The next use case is #17: Transaction Identification.
[2018-08-21T16:41:06.173Z]	<ChristopherA>	wyoming law: http://www.wyoleg.gov/2018/Introduced/HB0101.pdf
[2018-08-21T16:41:15.273Z]	<drummond>	heathervescent: Inspired by a trip to Alaska.
[2018-08-21T16:41:45.093Z]	<drummond>	...Every night had to stay in a new hotel; every night having to give her identity info; had it stored all over in many systems.
[2018-08-21T16:41:53.392Z]	<ChristopherA>	(xlviii) "Network signature" means a string of alphanumeric characters that when broadcasted by a shareholder to the network address's corresponding distributed or other electronic network or database provides reasonable assurances to a corporation that the shareholder has knowledge or possession of the private key uniquely associated with the network address;
[2018-08-21T16:42:04.423Z]	<drabiv>	rgrant: Thanks!
[2018-08-21T16:42:16.441Z]	<drummond>	...Wouldn't it be great if she did not have to give her PII at every location.
[2018-08-21T16:43:03.545Z]	<drummond>	...AirBNB host she knows asks every guess to send a photo of their driver's license—very dangerous.
[2018-08-21T16:43:33.302Z]	<mike-lodder>	NSA Michael Hayden infamously stated, “We kill people based on meta- data”
[2018-08-21T16:43:33.954Z]	<drummond>	...Is there a way that we can make it so that guest can have their data secured.
[2018-08-21T16:43:46.493Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-08-21T16:43:59.916Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-08-21T16:44:08.603Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-08-21T16:44:34.444Z]	<drummond>	ChristopherA: There seems to be a "weird alignment" with KYC here.
[2018-08-21T16:45:02.852Z]	<drummond>	...The requirements are protecting the company offering the service vs. the individual.
[2018-08-21T16:45:05.842Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ about regulatory actuals
[2018-08-21T16:45:32.313Z]	<drummond>	...the idea of protecting the commercial interest of the corporation is more valid.
[2018-08-21T16:46:11.853Z]	<drummond>	heathervescent: For a period, AirBNB offered Amex card holders a special deal, thus piggybacking off of the KYC that Amex had done.
[2018-08-21T16:46:18.843Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-08-21T16:46:34.898Z]	<drummond>	...this was a creative triangulation of KYC (Know Your Customer).
[2018-08-21T16:46:59.164Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: He's curious how much this data is used for law enforcement.
[2018-08-21T16:47:18.191Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-08-21T16:47:23.631Z]	<drummond>	heathervescent: Having talked to a law enforcement official, she believes it would not interfere with that work.
[2018-08-21T16:47:40.017Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: Is curious what the regulatory frameworks are in this area.
[2018-08-21T16:47:53.072Z]	<rgrant>	q?
[2018-08-21T16:47:54.712Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-08-21T16:48:35.021Z]	<drummond>	ChristopherA: Has done a little analysis on the KYC area, and in general the laws are not explicit about the data. They are interpreted by lawyers very conservatively.
[2018-08-21T16:48:49.660Z]	<drummond>	...There are very few explicit requirements.
[2018-08-21T16:49:19.994Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: Next use case is #18
[2018-08-21T16:50:21.593Z]	<drummond>	heathervescent: 2012 she worked for SWIFT and did several future scenarios on the future of transactions. The work was centered around a platform for the banks that was essentially a digital safe deposit box.
[2018-08-21T16:50:42.460Z]	<drummond>	...she revisited the use cases there since the are closely aligned to those of the CCG.
[2018-08-21T16:51:32.686Z]	<drummond>	...the motorcycle sale example from SWIFT could be adapted to a gun purchase or anything bought/sold with a lot of regulatory oversight.
[2018-08-21T16:52:00.496Z]	<drummond>	...It was not meant to take a position on regulation, just to address how regulations could be met with the technology.
[2018-08-21T16:52:17.724Z]	<drummond>	...the use case covered both buying from a dealer and from a private party.
[2018-08-21T16:52:41.264Z]	<drummond>	...she thinks this is one of the "juiciest" use cases.
[2018-08-21T16:53:02.937Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-08-21T16:53:07.152Z]	<rgrant>	agree that it's juicy!
[2018-08-21T16:53:11.717Z]	<drummond>	...it could solve the problem of "the wrong people getting guns in their hands".
[2018-08-21T16:54:29.932Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: Wants to see Heather supported in terms of this process with a team helping on these.
[2018-08-21T16:54:33.792Z]	<drabiv>	q+
[2018-08-21T16:54:55.138Z]	<drummond>	...to put these use cases through W3C to publish a note from the CCG.
[2018-08-21T16:55:11.442Z]	<drummond>	...He invites Heather to bounce off ideas about what such a note would look like.
[2018-08-21T16:55:39.715Z]	<drummond>	heathervescent: Wants to serve the community and help build the standards and what can be built on top.
[2018-08-21T16:56:29.864Z]	<drummond>	...One next step is prioritizing these use cases. She also has ideas on how to collaborate on these, including what is needed to support the DID WG formation process.
[2018-08-21T16:57:03.025Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: Hopes to get all 20 use cases in the overall document.
[2018-08-21T16:57:16.461Z]	<drummond>	...3 of those would be chosen as "DID focal use cases".
[2018-08-21T16:57:27.337Z]	<drummond>	...it will be sad that we can't go deep on all of them.
[2018-08-21T16:57:49.582Z]	<drummond>	...if someone wants to go much deeper on these, that's still work Joe would like to support.
[2018-08-21T16:58:04.993Z]	<rgrant>	q?
[2018-08-21T16:58:31.924Z]	<drummond>	heathervescent: Needs at least 2 other people who would be equal partners to move it forward.
[2018-08-21T16:58:51.627Z]	<ChristopherA>	I'm interested in the collective use case, not only from a DID perspective, but also the cryptographic possibilities
[2018-08-21T16:58:58.051Z]	<drummond>	drabiv: Wanted to add his two cents to the group identity use case. He believes it's quite important.
[2018-08-21T16:59:00.142Z]	<ChristopherA>	…maybe RWOT?
[2018-08-21T16:59:15.015Z]	<drummond>	...He was thinking about this use case as he was designing ValidBook.
[2018-08-21T16:59:42.826Z]	<drummond>	...Multiple people working together can have individual accounts compromised, so this should be addressed.
[2018-08-21T17:00:05.979Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-08-21T17:00:08.340Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: Likes group identity as potentially a focus use case, and this may be a good candidate.
[2018-08-21T17:00:11.346Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack drabiv
[2018-08-21T17:00:36.011Z]	<heathervescent>	Are we meeting next week/
[2018-08-21T17:00:37.593Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: Thanks to Heather for leading us through these use cases.
[2018-08-21T17:00:37.646Z]	<heathervescent>	?
[2018-08-21T17:00:58.492Z]	<drummond>	...We are meeting next week, but we are NOT meeting the day after Labor Day.
[2018-08-21T17:00:58.611Z]	<heathervescent>	Thanks everyone for your comments.
[2018-08-21T17:02:02.452Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2018-08-21T17:02:25.232Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 090
[2018-08-21T17:02:28.199Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 0aa
[2018-08-21T17:02:53.099Z] present+ agropper, cwebber, dcc, chrisb, jungly, drummond, agropper, heather, simonas, dmitriz, jarlath, Yancy, Orgel, cycryptr
