[Tue 12:01:59] <manu>	scribe: Lionel
[Tue 12:02:01] <ChristopherA>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Sep/0098.html
[Tue 12:02:09] <manu>	voip: 3b6 is Gropper
[Tue 12:02:09] <voip-ccg>	Associated Gropper with SIP/6002-000003b6.
[Tue 12:02:15] <ChristopherA>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/meetings/2017-09-12/
[Tue 12:02:17] <manu>	voip: 3b6 is AdrianGropper
[Tue 12:02:17] <voip-ccg>	Associated AdrianGropper with SIP/6002-000003b6.
[Tue 12:02:23] <voip-ccg>	Global Identity Foundation [SIP/78.147.230.115-000003b8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:02:26] <voip-ccg>	13125222321 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b7] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:02:29] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:02:29] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: AndrewHughes [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ab], 12166186275 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ac], ChristopherA [SIP/10.0.1.4-000003ad], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000003ae], 14155694979 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003af], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000003b3], 18013765464 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b1], 972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b2], kimhd [SIP/192.168.1.7-000003b4], 12066188530 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b0], 16179245273
[Tue 12:02:29] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b5], AdrianGropper [SIP/6002-000003b6], Global Identity Foundation [SIP/78.147.230.115-000003b8], 13125222321 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b7].
[Tue 12:02:57] <voip-ccg>	12017486884 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b9] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:03:00] <manu>	voip: 3bb is AdrianGropper
[Tue 12:03:00] <voip-ccg>	Failed to associate "3bb"; unrecognized channel.
[Tue 12:03:17] <Drummond>	voip: 3b0 is Drummond
[Tue 12:03:17] <voip-ccg>	Associated Drummond with SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b0.
[Tue 12:03:18] <manu>	voip: 3b5 is AdrianGropper
[Tue 12:03:18] <voip-ccg>	Associated AdrianGropper with SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b5.
[Tue 12:03:23] *	tzviya (~uid169503@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:03:43] <kimhd>	voip: 3af is MosesM
[Tue 12:03:43] <voip-ccg>	Associated MosesM with SIP/69.65.34.216-000003af.
[Tue 12:04:00] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[Tue 12:04:00] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: AndrewHughes [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ab], 12166186275 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ac], ChristopherA [SIP/10.0.1.4-000003ad], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000003ae], MosesM [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003af], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000003b3], 18013765464 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b1], 972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b2], kimhd [SIP/192.168.1.7-000003b4], Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b0], AdrianGropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b5],
[Tue 12:04:00] <voip-ccg>	AdrianGropper [SIP/6002-000003b6], Global Identity Foundation [SIP/78.147.230.115-000003b8], 13125222321 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b7], 12017486884 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b9].
[Tue 12:04:56] <manu>	Topic: Introductions
[Tue 12:04:00] <Lionel>	ChristopherA: Introductions, is anybody new?
[Tue 12:04:14] <tzviya>	present+ Tzviya
[Tue 12:04:46] <Lionel>	Bradford: Hi, Susan Bradford with Evernym, I'm doing project management stuff for the DID Specification.
[Tue 12:05:10] <Lionel>	Tzviya: Hi, my name is Tzviya Siegman, I do a lot of Digital Publishing work at W3C and work for Wiley Publishing. Here to learn and apply the work being done here at RA21 and Wiley. Our current focus is on solving the NASCAR problem for institutions and libraries
[Tue 12:05:56] <voip-ccg>	14153505140 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ba] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:06:00] *	manu this is Gropper
[Tue 12:06:03] <voip-ccg>	16789329012 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003bb] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:06:04] *	kimhd sorry David, just saw that
[Tue 12:06:12] <burn>	voip: 3bb is Dan_Burnett
[Tue 12:06:12] <voip-ccg>	Associated Dan_Burnett with SIP/69.65.34.216-000003bb.
[Tue 12:06:14] <voip-ccg>	Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000003bc] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:06:17] <kimhd>	voip: 3ac is dlongley
[Tue 12:06:17] <voip-ccg>	Associated dlongley with SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ac.
[Tue 12:06:20] <Lionel>	Gropper: Hi Adrian Gropper, I'm a CTO; working for years on these issues in the healthcare space.
[Tue 12:06:35] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: 3ac is AdamSobieksi
[Tue 12:06:35] <voip-ccg>	Associated AdamSobieksi with SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ac.
[Tue 12:06:37] <Lionel>	Gropper: implemented an identity container concept which has a self-sovereign authorization server
[Tue 12:06:50] <Lionel>	Gropper: see advanced reading materials
[Tue 12:06:59] <kimhd>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:06:59] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: AndrewHughes [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ab], AdamSobieksi [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ac], ChristopherA [SIP/10.0.1.4-000003ad], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000003ae], MosesM [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003af], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000003b3], 18013765464 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b1], 972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b2], kimhd [SIP/192.168.1.7-000003b4], Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b0], AdrianGropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b5],
[Tue 12:06:59] <voip-ccg>	AdrianGropper [SIP/6002-000003b6], Global Identity Foundation [SIP/78.147.230.115-000003b8], 13125222321 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b7], 12017486884 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b9], 14153505140 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ba], Dan_Burnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003bb], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000003bc].
[Tue 12:07:05] <ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2017/blob/master/topics-and-advance-readings/Loop-white-paper.pdf
[Tue 12:07:29] <Lionel>	Allen: A lot of topics in the advanced readings repo, about 20 now
[Tue 12:07:53] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: 3b2 is Lionel
[Tue 12:07:53] <voip-ccg>	Associated Lionel with SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b2.
[Tue 12:07:56] *	manu perfect, thank you Lionel! (it helps me publish the minutes faster - less to fix up)
[Tue 12:07:57] *	DavidC_ (~DavidC@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:08:28] <voip-ccg>	18015730773 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003bd] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:08:29] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: 3b7 is Susan Bradford
[Tue 12:08:29] <voip-ccg>	Associated Susan Bradford with SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b7.
[Tue 12:08:37] <ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2017/blob/master/topics-and-advance-readings/Data-minimization-and-selective-disclosure.md
[Tue 12:08:56] <manu>	Topic: Action Items
[Tue 12:08:48] <Lionel>	Allen: Data minimization has some progress, posted in the advanced readings
[Tue 12:09:10] <Lionel>	... David Longley to give update on polyfill
[Tue 12:09:23] <Lionel>	... Verifiable news, any lead?
[Tue 12:09:46] <Lionel>	... Adam and Moses are leading on that. There is a call later today with Ed Bice.
[Tue 12:10:06] <Lionel>	... Still a bit premature, but we will be ready to update.
[Tue 12:10:16] <Lionel>	... Manu, can you update on evidence schema?
[Tue 12:10:35] <Lionel>	Sporny: Verifiable claims meeting an hour ago discussed how to express how a verifable claim comes to be
[Tue 12:10:37] <agropper>	q+
[Tue 12:10:37] <voip-ccg>	agropper has been added to the queue: agropper
[Tue 12:10:46] <Lionel>	... what documentary evidence did you collect or check?
[Tue 12:10:58] <Lionel>	... There is a field to capture this, such as a proof of age.
[Tue 12:11:06] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:11:06] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: agropper
[Tue 12:11:15] <Lionel>	... e.g. I interviewed 20 people at an event before I made the following journalistic statement.
[Tue 12:11:19] <kimhd>	voip: 3ba is MosesM
[Tue 12:11:19] <voip-ccg>	Associated MosesM with SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ba.
[Tue 12:11:24] <Lionel>	Allen: please share the URL with Moses.
[Tue 12:11:24] <manu>	Here's the URL for evidence in the current spec: https://w3c.github.io/vc-data-model/#evidence
[Tue 12:11:31] <kimhd>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:11:32] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: AndrewHughes [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ab], AdamSobieksi [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ac], ChristopherA [SIP/10.0.1.4-000003ad], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000003ae], MosesM [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003af], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000003b3], 18013765464 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b1], Lionel [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b2], kimhd [SIP/192.168.1.7-000003b4], Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b0], AdrianGropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b5],
[Tue 12:11:32] <voip-ccg>	AdrianGropper [SIP/6002-000003b6], Global Identity Foundation [SIP/78.147.230.115-000003b8], Susan Bradford [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b7], 12017486884 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b9], MosesM [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ba], Dan_Burnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003bb], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000003bc], 18015730773 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003bd].
[Tue 12:11:40] *	manu MosesM see here for evidence - https://w3c.github.io/vc-data-model/#evidence
[Tue 12:11:45] <Lionel>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:11:45] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: AndrewHughes [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ab], AdamSobieksi [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ac], ChristopherA [SIP/10.0.1.4-000003ad], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000003ae], MosesM [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003af], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000003b3], 18013765464 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b1], Lionel [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b2], kimhd [SIP/192.168.1.7-000003b4], Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b0], AdrianGropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b5],
[Tue 12:11:45] <voip-ccg>	AdrianGropper [SIP/6002-000003b6], Global Identity Foundation [SIP/78.147.230.115-000003b8], Susan Bradford [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b7], 12017486884 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b9], MosesM [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ba], Dan_Burnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003bb], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000003bc], 18015730773 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003bd].
[Tue 12:11:46] *	dlongley David Chadwick ... you may be muted
[Tue 12:12:31] <Lionel>	Allen: Mission Statement, status?
[Tue 12:12:43] <Lionel>	Sporny: Kim has given fair notice and so we may be done.
[Tue 12:13:06] <Lionel>	... web applications interest group, security group, etc; may want to ping them and let them know we haven't heard back
[Tue 12:13:25] <Lionel>	... since our scope is fairly broad including drivers licenses and more, we should ping them one more time
[Tue 12:13:53] *	kimhd unknown callers: 12017486884,18015730773,13125222321
[Tue 12:14:04] *	kimhd unknown callers: 12017486884,18015730773,13125222321
[Tue 12:14:05] <Lionel>	Gropper: Q regarding verifiable claims, can wait for the right part of the agenda
[Tue 12:14:13] *	kimhd unknown callers are 12017486884,18015730773,13125222321
[Tue 12:14:31] *	kimhd oops, screen wasn't refreshing =/
[Tue 12:14:54] *	mike-lodder I am 18015730773
[Tue 12:15:08] *	tzviya is 12017486884
[Tue 12:15:30] <kimhd>	voip: 3bd is mike-lodder
[Tue 12:15:31] <voip-ccg>	Associated mike-lodder with SIP/69.65.34.216-000003bd.
[Tue 12:15:38] <Lionel>	Sporny: Though TPAC is run as an unconference, we need to be fairly refined in our message and prepared
[Tue 12:15:53] <kimhd>	voip: 3b9 is Tzviya_Siegman
[Tue 12:15:53] <voip-ccg>	Associated Tzviya_Siegman with SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b9.
[Tue 12:16:11] <Lionel>	... Message, something like: the future of the web will include decentralized identifiers and verifiable claims, we are incubating stuff and will suggest charters in 9 to 12 months.
[Tue 12:16:14] *	mike-lodder I couldn't get my voip to work
[Tue 12:16:31] <Lionel>	... need a curated, fine-tuned message . Let's refine it at RWoT
[Tue 12:16:49] <Lionel>	Allen: Are they planning to have a verifiable claims session at TPAC?
[Tue 12:17:15] <Lionel>	Sporny: Given that this is a movement with many different parts, I do not expect them to say things that are not in coordination with us.
[Tue 12:17:27] <Lionel>	.... The CCG has a broader scope than the VC
[Tue 12:17:52] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:17:52] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: agropper
[Tue 12:17:52] <Lionel>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:17:52] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: AndrewHughes [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ab], AdamSobieksi [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ac], ChristopherA [SIP/10.0.1.4-000003ad], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000003ae], MosesM [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003af], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000003b3], 18013765464 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b1], Lionel [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b2], kimhd [SIP/192.168.1.7-000003b4], Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b0], AdrianGropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b5],
[Tue 12:17:53] <voip-ccg>	AdrianGropper [SIP/6002-000003b6], Global Identity Foundation [SIP/78.147.230.115-000003b8], Susan Bradford [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b7], Tzviya_Siegman [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b9], MosesM [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ba], Dan_Burnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003bb], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000003bc], mike-lodder [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003bd].
[Tue 12:18:10] <voip-ccg>	kimhd [SIP/192.168.1.7-000003b4] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:18:10] <agropper>	q-
[Tue 12:18:10] <voip-ccg>	agropper has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 12:18:13] *	tzviya for context, these are the breakouts from last year https://www.w3.org/wiki/TPAC/2016/SessionIdeas
[Tue 12:18:20] <manu>	Topic: Credential Handler Polyfill Video
[Tue 12:18:30] <manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Sep/0099.html
[Tue 12:18:42] <voip-ccg>	14256520150 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003be] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:18:47] <kimhd>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:18:47] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: AndrewHughes [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ab], AdamSobieksi [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ac], ChristopherA [SIP/10.0.1.4-000003ad], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000003ae], MosesM [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003af], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000003b3], 18013765464 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b1], Lionel [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b2], Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b0], AdrianGropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b5], AdrianGropper [SIP/6002-000003b6], Global
[Tue 12:18:47] <voip-ccg>	Identity Foundation [SIP/78.147.230.115-000003b8], Susan Bradford [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b7], Tzviya_Siegman [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b9], MosesM [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ba], Dan_Burnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003bb], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000003bc], mike-lodder [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003bd], 14256520150 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003be].
[Tue 12:18:48] <Lionel>	... Longley working on credential handler API
[Tue 12:18:58] <kimhd>	voip: 3be is kimhd
[Tue 12:18:59] <voip-ccg>	Associated kimhd with SIP/69.65.34.216-000003be.
[Tue 12:19:04] <Lionel>	... Big update pushed out full blown credential handler API working on all browsers
[Tue 12:19:13] *	suedonym (~suedonym@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:19:18] <Lionel>	... Important in order to make this work for 3.6B people
[Tue 12:19:26] <Lionel>	... (the number of people on the web)
[Tue 12:19:39] <Lionel>	... This makes the verifiable claims infrastructure deployable TODAY
[Tue 12:19:52] <Lionel>	... we no longer need to wait for browser manufacturers to build this into browsers
[Tue 12:20:07] <Lionel>	... Digital Bazaar plans to make this industrial with proper uptime
[Tue 12:20:22] <Lionel>	... see the video to understand the ecosystem, see the polyfill working across all these different browsers
[Tue 12:20:30] <agropper>	q+
[Tue 12:20:30] <voip-ccg>	agropper has been added to the queue: agropper
[Tue 12:20:32] <Lionel>	... it follows the design pattern and implementation of the web payments API
[Tue 12:20:40] <Lionel>	... which is being implemented in every single major browser
[Tue 12:20:51] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 12:20:51] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been added to the queue: agropper, dlongley
[Tue 12:20:56] <Lionel>	... by following this patter, we mitigate risk and increase takeup
[Tue 12:21:06] <dlongley>	https://credential-repository.demo.digitalbazaar.com/
[Tue 12:21:14] <Lionel>	... Longley providing a link to try the demo yourself.
[Tue 12:21:17] <MosesMa>	The video is great! Excellent work Team DigitalBazaar!
[Tue 12:21:49] <manu>	q+ to talk standards strategoy
[Tue 12:21:49] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: agropper, dlongley, manu
[Tue 12:21:52] <Lionel>	Allen: What is the standards strategy for polyfill?
[Tue 12:21:55] <dlongley>	q-
[Tue 12:21:55] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been removed from the queue: agropper, manu
[Tue 12:22:02] *	AndrewHughes Agreed - the video is excellent - very promising progress
[Tue 12:22:21] <ChristopherA>	ack agropper
[Tue 12:22:21] <voip-ccg>	agropper has the floor.
[Tue 12:22:38] <Lionel>	Gropper: details please?
[Tue 12:22:53] *	kimhd Dave it's still on my list to prototype Blockcerts credentials with this approach. Hoping to get to it later this week!
[Tue 12:22:55] <Lionel>	Sporny: polyfill is a piece of code that adds functionality to a web browser that the browser does not already have natively
[Tue 12:23:09] *	dlongley kimhd -- sounds good :)
[Tue 12:23:09] <Lionel>	.... good standards pollyfill first, to encourage developers to adopt technology
[Tue 12:23:19] <Lionel>	... think of it as an automatic upgrade enabling new functionality as needed
[Tue 12:23:22] <Moses>	"a polyfill is a shim for a browser API and a shim is a library that brings a new API to an older environment, using only the means of that environment..."
[Tue 12:23:31] <Lionel>	... in this case, our polyfill enables storing a VC, requesting a VC from a holder
[Tue 12:24:10] <Lionel>	... It is pure javascript
[Tue 12:24:22] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 12:24:22] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: manu, ChristopherA
[Tue 12:24:24] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:24:24] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu, ChristopherA
[Tue 12:24:42] <Lionel>	Gropper: so 'polyfill' is a sophisticated word for some JS
[Tue 12:24:52] <Lionel>	Allen: Standards perspective? Polyfill limitations?
[Tue 12:24:54] <ChristopherA>	ack manu
[Tue 12:24:54] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to talk standards strategoy).
[Tue 12:24:57] <ChristopherA>	q- ChristopherA
[Tue 12:24:57] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 12:25:01] <ChristopherA>	q/
[Tue 12:25:02] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:25:02] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:25:03] <Drummond>	Note that use of a polyfill assumes that all key management on the identity owner's/holder's side is taking place server-side, not at the edge.
[Tue 12:25:08] <agropper>	q+
[Tue 12:25:08] <voip-ccg>	agropper has been added to the queue: agropper
[Tue 12:25:30] <Lionel>	Sporny: Browser manufacturers like features based on working code and strong uptake before they consider implementing anything natively
[Tue 12:25:48] <Lionel>	... They still have scars from inserting stuff in the 90's that still sit in their browser engines today
[Tue 12:26:10] <Lionel>	... A polyfill enables assertion of real need, deployment and takeup/adoption/traction
[Tue 12:26:51] *	cdchapman (~cdchapman@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:27:00] <burn>	q+ to comment on future/backwards compatibility with polyfill
[Tue 12:27:00] <voip-ccg>	burn has been added to the queue: agropper, burn
[Tue 12:27:00] <Lionel>	... Also, the polyfill ensures a fallback position- if browser manufacturers decline implementing our proposed changes, we still have working code
[Tue 12:27:20] <Lionel>	... regarding standards, to standardize you need buyin from the browser manufacturers
[Tue 12:27:39] <MosesM>	q+
[Tue 12:27:39] <voip-ccg>	MosesM has been added to the queue: agropper, burn, MosesM
[Tue 12:27:45] <Lionel>	... Q what are downsides?
[Tue 12:28:16] <Lionel>	... A- additional security concerns, attack surfaces on MIM (wont happen in a native browser implementation)
[Tue 12:28:33] <Lionel>	... security mitigations are available including checksums but it is never as secure as a browser native implementation
[Tue 12:28:51] <Lionel>	Longley: key management discussion
[Tue 12:29:20] <mike-lodder>	Lionel for future reference its MITM
[Tue 12:29:23] <Lionel>	... design considerations. should keys be stored in the browsers via native code? This is a change of mindset for the browser manufacturers
[Tue 12:29:37] <Lionel>	... the cryptoAPI in browsers is actually moving away from key storage
[Tue 12:29:52] <Lionel>	... in this polyfill the key mgt is up to the site
[Tue 12:30:19] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:30:19] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: agropper, burn, MosesM
[Tue 12:30:26] <ChristopherA>	ack agropper
[Tue 12:30:26] <voip-ccg>	agropper has the floor.
[Tue 12:30:32] <MosesM>	q-
[Tue 12:30:32] <voip-ccg>	MosesM has been removed from the queue: burn
[Tue 12:30:45] <dlongley>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/credential-handler-api/issues/1
[Tue 12:30:46] <Lionel>	Gropper: Key management relates to the advanced reading I submitted.
[Tue 12:30:56] <dlongley>	^that issue has to do with where the keys are.
[Tue 12:31:09] <Drummond>	At RWOT, we need to talk about how DKMS key management—where the keys are on the edge under the user's control—can still be interoperable with the polyfill approach.
[Tue 12:31:28] <Lionel>	... in working with Andrieu we discussed a use case...
[Tue 12:31:36] *	DavidC_ has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:32:10] <Lionel>	Longley: the relying party or verifying website requests the credential
[Tue 12:32:18] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:32:18] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: burn
[Tue 12:32:47] <Lionel>	... the polyfill forwards the query and returns data that is opaque to the polyfill
[Tue 12:33:06] <Lionel>	... pushing the vocabulary out to the edges and avoiding touching native code in the browser
[Tue 12:33:36] <Lionel>	Gropper: in this use case a patient is running their own credential handler, this model supports prescriptions etc?
[Tue 12:33:50] <Lionel>	Longley: we are trying to make the attack surface as small as possible
[Tue 12:34:14] <ChristopherA>	ack burn
[Tue 12:34:14] <voip-ccg>	burn has the floor (to comment on future/backwards compatibility with polyfill).
[Tue 12:34:44] <Lionel>	Burn: Web RTC AdaptorJS -- polyfill for the API -- has been maintained for 6 years (!)
[Tue 12:34:56] <Lionel>	... but for the adapter industry this polyfill has become a critical infrastructure
[Tue 12:35:13] <Lionel>	... leading to sobering questions about the lifecycle of the polyfill currently being deployed here
[Tue 12:35:32] <Lionel>	Longley: Major risk mitigation, piggy backing onto the payments API design patterns
[Tue 12:35:38] *	Drummond Lionel, you are doing an outstanding job with the scribing!
[Tue 12:35:50] <Lionel>	Sporny: We do commit to the long lifecycle. 6 year horizon.
[Tue 12:36:23] <ChristopherA>	Topic: Data Minimization & Selective Disclosure 
[Tue 12:36:23] <ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2017/blob/master/topics-and-advance-readings/Data-minimization-and-selective-disclosure.md
[Tue 12:36:30] *	Drummond Yes, absolutely. I am behind the curve but getting all my RWOT papers (several) in this week.
[Tue 12:36:31] <Lionel>	Sporny: We are accepting volunteers to help us shoulder this burden!
[Tue 12:36:37] *	rgrant (~rgrant@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:36:50] <rgrant>	voip: connections
[Tue 12:36:50] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: AndrewHughes [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ab], AdamSobieksi [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ac], ChristopherA [SIP/10.0.1.4-000003ad], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000003ae], MosesM [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003af], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000003b3], 18013765464 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b1], Lionel [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b2], Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b0], AdrianGropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b5], AdrianGropper [SIP/6002-000003b6], Global
[Tue 12:36:50] <voip-ccg>	Identity Foundation [SIP/78.147.230.115-000003b8], Susan Bradford [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b7], Tzviya_Siegman [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b9], MosesM [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ba], Dan_Burnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003bb], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000003bc], mike-lodder [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003bd], kimhd [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003be].
[Tue 12:36:50] *	manu can scribe for Lionel 
[Tue 12:37:42] <manu>	Lionel: The document is simple at this point, I do think we should bring this forward some - modest paper, just a survey - from our perspective, decentralized credentials and DIDs, survey of selective disclosure crypto... RWoT is a good place to broadcast and gather, then spend a few weeks to wrap up and publish.
[Tue 12:37:52] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 12:37:52] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 12:37:54] <manu>	Lionel: We could have other folks cite that document
[Tue 12:38:07] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:38:07] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA
[Tue 12:38:13] <ChristopherA>	ack cdchapman
[Tue 12:38:13] <voip-ccg>	cdchapman isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:38:15] <manu>	Lionel: That paper could be the reference for where the crypto is coming from - that's what I'm thinking, would love feedback.
[Tue 12:38:16] <ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 12:38:16] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 12:38:50] <mike-lodder>	ChristopherA can you add me to the Data minimization and Selective disclosure group
[Tue 12:39:03] <manu>	ChristopherA: When I think about these things, I've been separating data minimization from selective disclosure, we may need better language for this. There are two categories - 1) by policy (data minimization) - here are strategies where you ask for and offer less information.
[Tue 12:39:09] *	dlongley sounds like my life
[Tue 12:39:09] <Lionel>	Allen: Differentiate by policy: you offer less info, ask for less info, re-use less info
[Tue 12:39:18] <Lionel>	... somewhat insecure but can be very powerful
[Tue 12:39:21] *	manu hands back over to Lionel 
[Tue 12:39:28] <Lionel>	... this has been called data minimization
[Tue 12:39:38] <Lionel>	... and blurs with selective discolusre
[Tue 12:39:56] <Lionel>	... I think of cryptograhpic binding and anti-correlation available with Schnoor, ZK, etc.,
[Tue 12:39:58] <kimhd>	mike-lodder we don't really have much group activity yet...but I can add you to the github repo. will you be at RWoT?
[Tue 12:40:07] <Lionel>	.... in other words, SD is implemnetation whil DM is policy-centered
[Tue 12:40:28] <Lionel>	.... "I dont need to prove I'm 25 I just have to prove I am >21"
[Tue 12:40:33] <mike-lodder>	Kimhd yes
[Tue 12:40:36] <Lionel>	... THis can be met with either DM or SD as per these definitions
[Tue 12:40:47] <Lionel>	... both policy and crypto achieve this
[Tue 12:41:03] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:41:04] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:41:28] <manu>	Lionel: Happy to adopt this as the scope of this effort. That was helpful - data minimization is back in privacy act of 1970s, well understood by policy folks.
[Tue 12:41:37] <kimhd>	mike-lodder excellent, we should be discussing this heavily then. I sent the github invite to mikelodder7. It's awaiting your acceptance. There's not much there yet
[Tue 12:41:42] <manu>	Lionel: selective disclosure or progressive disclosure seems to be more recent - applies to cryptographic stuff.
[Tue 12:41:44] <ChristopherA>	+1 to talk also about progressive disclosure
[Tue 12:42:08] <manu>	Lionel: I'm not certain, but it may be a good time to bring this perspective... decentralization/blockchain has brought some of this stuff to light. This could help a lot of people.
[Tue 12:42:14] <mike-lodder>	Kimhd great
[Tue 12:42:34] <rgrant>	"my passport name is not on the OFAC list" <-- cryptographic selective disclosure VS "here are claims about my passport, but I'm only going to answer what my name is" <-- policy
[Tue 12:42:35] <kimhd>	q+
[Tue 12:42:35] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has been added to the queue: kimhd
[Tue 12:42:37] <manu>	Lionel: If this topic is just Lionel and Chris just talking to each other, we do want to hear from a few more voices.
[Tue 12:42:38] <manu>	q+
[Tue 12:42:38] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: kimhd, manu
[Tue 12:42:41] <mike-lodder>	q+
[Tue 12:42:41] <voip-ccg>	mike-lodder has been added to the queue: kimhd, manu, mike-lodder
[Tue 12:42:57] <ChristopherA>	ack kimhd
[Tue 12:42:57] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has the floor.
[Tue 12:43:23] <ChristopherA>	ack manu
[Tue 12:43:23] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor.
[Tue 12:43:24] <manu>	kimhd: Just a quick note, this came up from Moses - interested in context of what we're covering there. We may want to follow up at RWoT.
[Tue 12:44:20] <ChristopherA>	ack mike-lodder
[Tue 12:44:20] <voip-ccg>	mike-lodder has the floor.
[Tue 12:44:47] <manu>	Manu: There is interest in this topic, we're more interested in minimum disclosure.
[Tue 12:45:06] <manu>	Lodder: I'd like to see this stuff move along - people will see its benefits.
[Tue 12:45:12] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:45:12] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:45:22] <manu>	Topic: DID Specification
[Tue 12:45:29] <Drummond>	+1 to the benefits of crypto that supports selective disclosure. The way to harden it is to implement it.
[Tue 12:45:37] *	tzviya signing off. Thank you
[Tue 12:45:47] <Lionel>	voip: connections
[Tue 12:45:47] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: AndrewHughes [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ab], AdamSobieksi [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ac], ChristopherA [SIP/10.0.1.4-000003ad], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000003ae], MosesM [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003af], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000003b3], 18013765464 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b1], Lionel [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b2], Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b0], AdrianGropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b5], AdrianGropper [SIP/6002-000003b6], Global
[Tue 12:45:47] <voip-ccg>	Identity Foundation [SIP/78.147.230.115-000003b8], Susan Bradford [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b7], Tzviya_Siegman [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003b9], MosesM [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003ba], Dan_Burnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003bb], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-000003bc], mike-lodder [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003bd], kimhd [SIP/69.65.34.216-000003be].
[Tue 12:46:12] <manu>	kimhd: I have a topic paper that you may want to read... not final
[Tue 12:46:19] <Lionel>	kimhd: Topic paper, preliminary
[Tue 12:46:29] *	manu Lionel you can also use their IRC nick... so kimhd
[Tue 12:46:35] <Lionel>	... sites where you can look up a DID description from a DID
[Tue 12:46:58] <Lionel>	... using the address of the continuation of the DID description that's pointed to in the transaction.
[Tue 12:47:14] <dlongley>	note... we've renamed DID Description to DID Document (those two things mean the same thing)
[Tue 12:47:30] <Lionel>	... BTCR message spec perspective, looks OK
[Tue 12:47:43] <ChristopherA>	paper https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2017/blob/master/topics-and-advance-readings/btcr-dids-ddos.md
[Tue 12:47:52] <ChristopherA>	display https://weboftrustinfo.github.io/btcr-tx-playground.github.io/
[Tue 12:47:55] <Lionel>	.... some problems to resolve in our method spec itself, merging with a partial DID description
[Tue 12:48:06] <ChristopherA>	create a BTCR DID https://weboftrustinfo.github.io/btcr-tx-playground.github.io/create.html
[Tue 12:48:09] <Lionel>	... need to articulate a thorough security model around this.
[Tue 12:49:05] <Lionel>	Allen: Hackathon site updated.
[Tue 12:49:48] <Lionel>	... you can create your own testnet DID using testnet coins
[Tue 12:50:19] <Lionel>	... I have put my DID document into my git, signed it there, and then used it for other purposes.
[Tue 12:50:25] <Lionel>	... IPFS could work as well
[Tue 12:50:31] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:50:31] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:50:36] <manu>	q+
[Tue 12:50:36] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:50:42] <ChristopherA>	ack manu
[Tue 12:50:42] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor.
[Tue 12:50:51] <Drummond>	q+
[Tue 12:50:51] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has been added to the queue: Drummond
[Tue 12:51:10] <Lionel>	Sporny: Did this DID Spec update work for you, Kim?
[Tue 12:51:24] <Lionel>	kimhd: It was easier in this respect
[Tue 12:51:33] <Lionel>	... the previous version conflated things like combining VCs
[Tue 12:51:46] <Lionel>	.... that chould be reflected as more of an entity profile and not all mixed up in a DID method spec
[Tue 12:51:52] <Lionel>	... That improved the focus
[Tue 12:52:00] <Lionel>	... the clarity of what each entity was doing
[Tue 12:52:12] <Lionel>	... we had made a lot of assumptions around owners, keys, etc
[Tue 12:52:33] <manu>	https://msporny.github.io/did-spec/
[Tue 12:52:44] <Lionel>	Sporny: Discussion with Evernym team re: new spec, how it worked for them
[Tue 12:52:54] *	kimhd mike-lodder is it mikelodder7?
[Tue 12:52:56] <Lionel>	... sounds good that this is working out
[Tue 12:54:09] <Lionel>	... For example, discussion of guardian vs delegate
[Tue 12:54:22] <Lionel>	... self-managed documents vs delegate-managed documents
[Tue 12:54:29] <Lionel>	... these wording changes in the spec
[Tue 12:54:35] <Drummond>	I support that wording change - guardian as a subset of delegate
[Tue 12:54:41] <Lionel>	... please read the advanced readings before coming to RWoT that should help!
[Tue 12:55:01] <Lionel>	manu: The burndown rate of changes looks good, less and less changes as we go forward
[Tue 12:55:10] <Lionel>	.... Some general uneasiness as this is quite new
[Tue 12:55:13] <Lionel>	... no strong objections
[Tue 12:55:14] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:55:14] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: Drummond
[Tue 12:55:27] <ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2017/blob/master/topics-and-advance-readings/RWOT-User-Story.md
[Tue 12:55:36] *	mike-lodder kimhd I got
[Tue 12:55:43] *	mike-lodder kimhd it
[Tue 12:55:48] <Lionel>	Allen: Thinking about replicating what PGP did
[Tue 12:56:03] <Lionel>	... when we implement we can try signing one another's claims, then go to various DIDs
[Tue 12:56:31] <Lionel>	... secure recursive
[Tue 12:56:34] <Lionel>	... double links
[Tue 12:56:54] <Lionel>	... cross-claim from one DID to another would be great
[Tue 12:57:06] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 12:57:06] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: Drummond
[Tue 12:57:14] <Lionel>	... Cant the user story get updated and moved away from its owner/control language?
[Tue 12:57:14] <ChristopherA>	ack drummond
[Tue 12:57:14] <voip-ccg>	drummond isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:57:16] <mike-lodder>	Q?
[Tue 12:57:19] <mike-lodder>	q?
[Tue 12:57:19] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: Drummond
[Tue 12:57:20] <ChristopherA>	ack Drummond
[Tue 12:57:20] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has the floor.
[Tue 12:57:31] *	manu only has negative time in his life at this time... :) no extra minutes... currently imploding.
[Tue 12:57:47] *	manu can't volunteer for anything else for the next couple of weeks.
[Tue 12:57:58] <Lionel>	Drummond: Encouraging everyone to review the proposed draft
[Tue 12:58:16] <Lionel>	... You are welcome to engage even if you are not attending RWoT, just post your responses
[Tue 12:58:29] <Lionel>	... Evernym is bringing team just to work through these issues.
[Tue 12:58:42] <ChristopherA>	There may also some issues relevant to Susan in the RWOT Fall 2016 repo.
[Tue 12:58:56] <Lionel>	... we will then lmove at a fast cadence, between RWoT and IIW we plan good fast progress
[Tue 12:59:13] <Lionel>	... the DID methods, the BTCR, Sovryn, Uport method, the Veris1 method
[Tue 12:59:32] <Lionel>	... the further along these method specs are, the more the DID spec can be vetted as to whether it is meeting these needs properly
[Tue 12:59:38] <Lionel>	... Goal: stable spec end of October
[Tue 12:59:51] <Lionel>	Allen: we do expect 3 or 4 UPort people.
[Tue 13:00:01] <Lionel>	... UPort is further along with deploying to users
[Tue 13:00:11] <Lionel>	... done less about conforming with the latest DID and VC specs
[Tue 13:00:26] <Lionel>	... so let's speak and engage with them
[Tue 13:00:40] <Lionel>	... SA's consent are doing an Ethereum-based DID, they could align as well
[Tue 13:00:42] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 13:00:42] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 13:00:55] <Lionel>	Topic: Next week
[Tue 13:00:58] <Lionel>	Allen: No meeting next week
[Tue 13:01:12] <Drummond>	I'm not sure if Consent Global is still doing a separate DID method for Ethereum. I think they are planning on using the Sovrin DID method.
[Tue 13:01:30] <Lionel>	... following week will meet,
[Tue 13:02:13] <manu>	ChristopherA: If you have any topics that you want to cover, please let us know before the next Agenda goes out.
[Tue 13:02:16] *	kimhd manu instead of negative time, how about imaginary time, or complex time?
[Tue 13:02:46] *	manu kimhd I like the concept of imaginary time... and agree that most of the "free time" we have these days are "complex" :)
[Tue 13:02:54] *	mike-lodder has quit ("Leaving")
[Tue 13:02:56] <manu>	ChristopherA: See everyone at Rebooting!
[Tue 13:02:58] <ChristopherA>	Ciao!!
[Tue 13:02:58] <manu>	Present+ lake, longley, simmonds, lodder, gropper, hughes, allen, lehn, sobieski, drummond, moses, rgrant, kimhd, bradford, siegman, burn
