[Tue 11:04:51] <NateOtto>	scribe: NateOtto
[Tue 11:05:00] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016May/0009.html
[Tue 11:05:33] <NateOtto>	manu: Introduction to new participant, then go through deliverables and their status.
[Tue 11:06:00] <NateOtto>	manu: As some of you may have heard, we're currently talking with the credentials transparency initiative about some naming conflicts, but we'll delay putting that on the agenda until next week.
[Tue 11:06:07] *	manu NateOtto - reminder to put persons "name: what they said"
[Tue 11:06:14] <NateOtto>	manu: Any other items for the agenda to discuss today?
[Tue 11:06:27] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to Alok from Cambridge Blockchain
[Tue 11:06:43] *	manu Cambridge Blockchain
[Tue 11:08:07] <NateOtto>	Alok: I work for a company called Cambridge Blockchain; young company in the identity space. Our CTO has a lot of experience in blockchain as well as identity. He's not able to participate. I'm looking to participate in this primarily to learn about the push to standardize how identity is used on the Internet. I have a very limited background in identity and crypto. I have about 12 yrs experience designing/building/marketing telecom systems. Role at Cambridge Blockchain is VP of Product.
[Tue 11:08:15] <NateOtto>	manu: Welcome to the group, Alok
[Tue 11:08:22] <manu>	Topic: Review of Survey Status
[Tue 11:08:30] <manu>	http://manu.sporny.org/tmp/vctf/VerifiableClaimsResponses-2016-05-06.png
[Tue 11:08:33] <NateOtto>	manu: Next up on the agenda is a review of the survey status. Here is an image capture of the survey results.
[Tue 11:08:45] <NateOtto>	manu: We'll clean this up and put it into an HTML page at some point.
[Tue 11:08:52] *	bsletten (~bsletten@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:09:42] <NateOtto>	manu: We have a very healthy number of responses at this point. We asked about 83 people to respond. That number of people responding is a good sign. We have responses from the financial sector, the education sector, healthcare, government, national institutions, NGOs, entertainment industry, mobile vendors. A very healthy set of people across multiple market vertcals.
[Tue 11:09:43] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001c3] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:50] <NateOtto>	manu: I'm going to start going down from the top.
[Tue 11:10:06] <NateOtto>	manu: Very good support for the problem statement.
[Tue 11:10:21] <NateOtto>	manu: Up to around 96% positively responding that the goals are good to pursue.
[Tue 11:10:53] <NateOtto>	manu: This is really good, because it means we have the language on the problem we're trying to address in the goals and scope of work down really well.
[Tue 11:11:16] <NateOtto>	manu: We asked if people's verifiable claims problems would be addressed if the use cases proposed were expressed.
[Tue 11:11:44] <NateOtto>	manu: we really limited, narrowed the use cases to ensure we had a narrow scope. Most people thought that more needed to be done beyond these to fully meet their needs.
[Tue 11:12:20] <NateOtto>	manu: We limited use cases because large scopes make people nervous, that you won't be able to achieve, or they would have too broad reaching grant of patent rights.
[Tue 11:12:47] <NateOtto>	manu: We asked if people would join and participate, and 44% of respondants said that they would join and partcipate in the work.
[Tue 11:13:16] <NateOtto>	manu: 34% put themselves as other in this space. They would mostly like to participate but don't know if they have the bandwidth right now.
[Tue 11:13:47] <NateOtto>	manu: We definitely have 16, and potentially 4-5 more if they find the time.
[Tue 11:13:59] <NateOtto>	manu: And typically as these things get officially started more orgs join up.
[Tue 11:14:11] <NateOtto>	manu: We did get some feedback that they would like to see more incubation of the work.
[Tue 11:14:22] <NateOtto>	manu: Some because they didn't see a specification, they weren't sure about the architecture...
[Tue 11:14:59] <NateOtto>	manu: We did speak with the Web Payments IG. We're getting close to the question of whether the WPIG would support the work going forward. One of the big questions is if the specification is created, who is going to implement it into their products.
[Tue 11:15:11] <NateOtto>	manu: We're going to go around calling people to see if we can put them down as implementers.
[Tue 11:15:33] <NateOtto>	manu: We're doing good with the survey. We found some other items that we have to create to make sure the vote goes well.
[Tue 11:15:38] <jasonweaver>	are more responses desired?
[Tue 11:15:43] <NateOtto>	manu: Any questions on survey status or where we are with the survey?
[Tue 11:16:20] <NateOtto>	manu: Are more responses desired? Yeah. If you haven't taken the time to fill out the survey, please do it. If you know an organization who really should have filled out the survey, get them to fill it out as soon as possible.
[Tue 11:16:35] <NateOtto>	manu: We did a soft close on the survey last friday (started reporting results), but still accepting responses.
[Tue 11:16:36] <manu>	Topic: Work on Existing Docs
[Tue 11:17:29] <NateOtto>	manu: Went into the work with Charter, Use Cases, and FAQ. Now we're going to try to rev those documents in response to survey. Not much work is needed, we'll try to get it done in the next couple weeks.
[Tue 11:17:37] <NateOtto>	manu: Any questions on Charter, Use Cases, and FAQ?
[Tue 11:17:55] <manu>	Topic: Verifiable Claims Data Model Specification
[Tue 11:18:02] <NateOtto>	manu: Dan Burnett, I'm going to hope that you give a quick overview of the Verifiable Claims data model.
[Tue 11:18:29] *	erkorb_rm (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:18:36] <NateOtto>	manu: When we got the survey, we got a number of people saying "that's great that you're going to do the work", but if we don't see a proposed technical solution that we have moderate buy-in on, there's nothing to standardize, and we can't see if we support it.
[Tue 11:19:02] <burn>	Very drafty spec proposal:  http://opencreds.org/specs/source/claims-data-model/
[Tue 11:19:11] <NateOtto>	manu: this is kind of a new dynamic at w3c. You used to not need this (often counterproductive), but some big companies are pushing for this
[Tue 11:19:36] <NateOtto>	burn: There is a draft document, includes some reSpec errors to correct; includes some about identity.
[Tue 11:20:04] <NateOtto>	burn: We have a data model for how verifiable claims work, but there are different languages that different users of this technology would like to use to define the syntax for this data mode.
[Tue 11:20:42] <NateOtto>	burn: Challenge: to show how data model can be represented in the three syntaxes people want to use
[Tue 11:21:09] <NateOtto>	burn: Using the terms "claim" or "verifiable claim" to mean what we used to call "credentials".
[Tue 11:21:39] <NateOtto>	burn: One of the things that wes important would be to distinguish between claims, and "verifiable claims". The latter has a signature.
[Tue 11:21:50] <NateOtto>	burn: In the data model, you'll see a section for claims, and for verifiable claims.
[Tue 11:22:03] <NateOtto>	burn: you'll see examples of how to express these
[Tue 11:22:37] <NateOtto>	burn: One thing I wanted to write up, but no set location to put it: how to write about identities. We need to have an ability when we're talking about ids in claims, the ids are suppose to reference identity @ids.
[Tue 11:22:58] <NateOtto>	burn: Until we figure out how to describe that more generally, it's here.
[Tue 11:23:26] <NateOtto>	burn: A lot of text came from the original identities and credentials document is here in appendices, pulling from as we try to expand and write introduction/abstract, etc.
[Tue 11:23:47] <NateOtto>	burn: We have a bunch of reSpec errors. Shane and I are fiddling with them for now.
[Tue 11:24:01] <manu>	q+
[Tue 11:24:01] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:24:13] <manu>	q+ richard
[Tue 11:24:13] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, richard
[Tue 11:24:16] <NateOtto>	burn: Obviously drafty. If there are problems with the webIDL, don't worry about that yet. If there's something obviously wrong with the rest, let us know.
[Tue 11:24:30] <voip-vctf>	19082515136 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c6] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:24:35] <erkorb_rm>	korb 908
[Tue 11:24:48] <NateOtto>	richard: Did you start with the Open Badge Initiative for what you'd expect to find in a spec, or is that something that needs to be brought in still?
[Tue 11:24:53] <bsletten>	q+
[Tue 11:24:53] <voip-vctf>	bsletten has been added to the queue: manu, richard, bsletten
[Tue 11:25:00] <NateOtto>	richard: I'm glad you're representing identity. It's tricky, but it has to be done.
[Tue 11:25:10] <burn>	this started from:  http://opencreds.org/specs/source/identity-credentials/#expressing-identities-and-credentials
[Tue 11:25:16] <manu>	ack richard
[Tue 11:25:16] <voip-vctf>	richard has the floor.
[Tue 11:25:18] <NateOtto>	burn: as far as what I started from, posting a link...
[Tue 11:25:56] <NateOtto>	burn: My history doesn't go far enough back to know where all that came from. If I've put in something inappropriate or left out something appropriate, let me know.
[Tue 11:26:14] <NateOtto>	burn: My aim was to show the data model, separate from a syntax, and then show implementations in syntaxes.
[Tue 11:26:35] <NateOtto>	burn: We need to avoid problems with critics right away who say something like "It needs to only be represented in webIDL"
[Tue 11:27:19] <jasonweaver>	q+
[Tue 11:27:19] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver has been added to the queue: manu, bsletten, jasonweaver
[Tue 11:27:44] <NateOtto>	manu: Richard, the specification we have right now in this group, we believe can fit the Open Badges stuff in in its entirety. Open Badge is just another claim as far as the system is concerned. Whatever that claim is, we can just stick it in the claim and see how that works. We haven't discussed this a lot in this group recently. Would be good to hear from Nate and maybe Kerri on where OBI fits in.
[Tue 11:27:47] <NateOtto>	q+
[Tue 11:27:47] <voip-vctf>	NateOtto has been added to the queue: manu, bsletten, jasonweaver, NateOtto
[Tue 11:27:59] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:27:59] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor.
[Tue 11:28:05] <NateOtto>	manu: We should be good to go as far as open badges go.
[Tue 11:28:53] <NateOtto>	manu: Let me jump back. burn, thanks for putting this into this new form. Spot on, I think it's great to explain what the data model is in prose and then talk about how you express it in JSON-LD, WebIDl, etc. Will work for a lot of communities. It increases our ability to have this stuff reused.
[Tue 11:29:15] <NateOtto>	manu: For example, there has been a lot of interest in blockchain communities to inject these credentials in sidechains and other structures.
[Tue 11:29:27] <NateOtto>	manu: All in all, I think the spec is a step in the right direction, Dan.
[Tue 11:30:11] <NateOtto>	manu: two comments; One of them is the removal of the word credential. We have decision to make on that if a credential is a set of verifiable claims, for instance. The word identity as well may be the other most controversial.
[Tue 11:30:12] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:30:12] <voip-vctf>	manu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:30:15] <manu>	q?
[Tue 11:30:15] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: bsletten, jasonweaver, NateOtto
[Tue 11:30:50] <dlongley>	+1 for using credential but burying it in the document as just a container for claims
[Tue 11:31:13] <manu>	ack bsletten 
[Tue 11:31:13] <voip-vctf>	bsletten has the floor.
[Tue 11:31:16] <NateOtto>	burn: Actually debated for quite a while whether I wanted to remove the word credential. If we started with the word credential right at the top, I thought we'd have trouble based on the conversation at the last month. But I wasn't trying to change semantics (for what I'm calling "claims data set"), so if we need to go back, we can.
[Tue 11:31:50] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000001c7] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:32:02] <NateOtto>	bsletten: I just want to get a sense because you said this is a new thing being asked by some of the bigger members. Seems like fluctuation on a sine wave -- we can't proceed without technical details... we can't define technical details at this stage.
[Tue 11:32:23] <NateOtto>	manu: There is disagreement. Some members think that this is not appropriate to do at this stage. Others think it should produced right now.
[Tue 11:32:39] <NateOtto>	manu: The reason we're producing this spec right now is to answer the people who say "you don't have a technical proposal".
[Tue 11:32:42] <burn>	dlongley, the original doc had credential as a container for claims, which means the main section titles would talk about "credentials".  I'd want to hear more about how you think we could bury it while still having it be the outer container name
[Tue 11:33:28] <NateOtto>	manu: For the organizations who say "you shouldn't enter with a technical proposal", we say "we were asked to do a technical proposal. None of this is set in stone; it's the job of a working group to decide on the technical proposal". We're not trying to make each side 100% happy but meet the minimum bar that each side has.
[Tue 11:33:53] <NateOtto>	manu: This is one of the things we think we need to stave off formal objection from some large organizations.
[Tue 11:33:58] <NateOtto>	manu: Does that make sense?
[Tue 11:34:02] <NateOtto>	bsletten: "ish"
[Tue 11:34:05] <manu>	ack jasonweaver 
[Tue 11:34:05] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver has the floor.
[Tue 11:34:47] <NateOtto>	jasonweaver: Richard asked about the model working with Open Badges. My question stems from that. A lot of what we call these things today are being exchanged in different regional standards. How to PESC, __ align with the architecture?
[Tue 11:35:52] <dlongley>	burn: I think by "bury" all we need to do is make the main subject about "claims" ... start the document by talking about what claims are and how this spec will detail how to model them. then we can get into how a credential is a "set of claims" ... i just think we need to avoid having it front and center is all. (i don't think we're too far off from that now)
[Tue 11:36:00] <NateOtto>	manu: We are aware of PESC. We're trying to create a generalized way of expressing claims. Anything those other standards can express should be able to be expressed in this data model. We do want strong semantics to go along with these claims. It will probably be up to those standard-setting bodies to decide how they want to express their claims in this data model. We have not seen a case where a standard couldn't use this model to express claims.
[Tue 11:36:54] <jasonweaver>	EMREX is the EU data standard
[Tue 11:36:57] <burn>	dlongley, would love to talk with you offline after the call.  I will email you.
[Tue 11:36:58] <NateOtto>	manu: Key point is to make those groups understand that we can build a way for our model to map to their data model. For example, working with Credential Transparency Initiative to see how we can express their model in our data model. Haven't had to change the model. Just a matter of figuring out what the vocabulary is.
[Tue 11:37:04] <manu>	ack NateOtto 
[Tue 11:37:04] <voip-vctf>	NateOtto has the floor.
[Tue 11:37:45] <manu>	NateOtto: From the open badges perspective, we expect to be able to express the open badges data model via a verifiable claim. Given that it builds off of other specs - we'd specify how  you do an open badge using verifiable claims.
[Tue 11:37:53] <dlongley>	+1 to nate
[Tue 11:38:38] <manu>	q?
[Tue 11:38:38] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:38:55] <NateOtto>	manu: Until we have ratified specification, it'll be a constant discussion on how best to express this stuff, but as NateOtto says, there's no reason why we can't express many types of data in this model. If you find a case where you can't, this means we screwed up and it needs to be fixed.
[Tue 11:39:20] <NateOtto>	manu: If there's no more questions, burn hopefully you have time over the coming month to keep whittling the spec down to something we want to include in the package to the w3c for voting.
[Tue 11:39:24] <manu>	Topic: Survey Results/Overview
[Tue 11:39:40] <NateOtto>	manu: Another document we need to generate is a summary of the survey results.
[Tue 11:40:11] <NateOtto>	manu: It's pretty compelling to see all these organizations agreeing with the work. Need a 1-2 pager overview of that.
[Tue 11:40:10] <manu>	Topic: One page W3C AC Rep Summary
[Tue 11:40:49] <NateOtto>	manu: Another thing ACs asked for was a 1 pager specific to advisory committee members. These people are usually asked to vote on many things per month, and they're usually very busy. Throwing them 20 pages will usually result in them not reading it and not voting on it.
[Tue 11:41:19] <NateOtto>	manu: one of the AC reps asked us to come up with a good 1 pager overview to help them on this. This work has not been started yet, needs to be done.
[Tue 11:41:53] <NateOtto>	manu: There were a list of questions that person included in their response, we'll go over that. FAQ: Is there a clear problem statement? Do you have buy-in? Is the scope narrow enough? is there a spec? Who's going to implement?
[Tue 11:42:17] <NateOtto>	manu: Those are the general things AC Reps want answered. (also: Why would this initiative need a standard in the space?)
[Tue 11:42:31] <manu>	Topic: Architecture Summary
[Tue 11:42:33] <NateOtto>	manu: Once we get all those answers onto a piece of paper, that'll be the 1 pager opener.
[Tue 11:43:05] <manu>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/ID2020DesignWorkshop/blob/master/topics-and-advance-readings/a-self-sovereign-identity-architecture.pdf
[Tue 11:43:08] <NateOtto>	manu: Next up is a summary of the architecture that we're building.
[Tue 11:43:31] <NateOtto>	manu: There's a diagram on the first page of this pdf where we're talking about issuers, holders, inspectors, repositories.
[Tue 11:44:37] <NateOtto>	manu: We've started thinking about that architecture through this UN rebooting trust workshop paper draft. We're probably not going to include things like decentralized ledgers, decentralized hash tables. We don't want to imply that that's what we're working on in phase 1. Clearly all of us understand that blockchains & DHTs will play a part at some point in the future of this work.
[Tue 11:44:37] <manu>	Topic: Implementers Summary
[Tue 11:45:19] <NateOtto>	manu: Next document we're going to work on is this implementers summary. We need to know who is going to implement this work. If it's only 2-3, clearly we're not going to be able to do this work. We need a bunch of orgs to say that "we will put this into production"
[Tue 11:45:26] <NateOtto>	manu: we need to gather a list of those organizations.
[Tue 11:45:48] <NateOtto>	manu: That's all the items that came out of the survey requests.
[Tue 11:46:33] <NateOtto>	manu: Charter, Use Cases, FAQ, Data Model, Architecture Summary, Implementers Summary is what makes up the pack we'll distribute for a vote. (did I miss one?)
[Tue 11:46:52] <NateOtto>	manu:+Survey results overview
[Tue 11:47:08] *	manu dezell
[Tue 11:47:11] *	manu David Ezell
[Tue 11:47:33] *	dlongley (co-chair of Web Payments IG)
[Tue 11:47:35] <NateOtto>	dezell: July 1 Web Payments F2F has Verifiable Claims on the agenda. Was going to send manu a note to coordinate
[Tue 11:48:40] <NateOtto>	manu: There's a question of whether the Web Payments IG will support this work. We'll have these documents ready to go in a month and a half before that face to face. That'll go up for an advisory committee vote. Do people feel this timeline is too long?
[Tue 11:49:38] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:49:38] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dezell
[Tue 11:49:41] <NateOtto>	richard: I don't object to the timeline for this standards-based work. I just see us like a squirrel in a cage going and going forever. If this continues to stretch out forever, do we have a plan B? We could have done a shorter timeline approach and be already out in the world for implementation
[Tue 11:49:52] <manu>	ack dezell 
[Tue 11:49:52] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:49:53] <NateOtto>	manu: I'm becoming more and more convinced that this will go forward at the W3C
[Tue 11:50:17] <NateOtto>	dezell: the timeline is kind of artificial, mainly because we have these face to face schedules. If the f2f worked two weeks from now, we'd be doing it then.
[Tue 11:50:32] <NateOtto>	dezell: I haven't heard a lot of concern raised at the IG level
[Tue 11:51:33] <NateOtto>	dezell: It's just a process to get people to vet their concerns. I think this architecture document will help a lot. I also think there is a related develoment at w3c that I want to mention -- the browser extensions community group. It may turn out that browser extensions are a way to get all this stuff implemented. Which gets us out of the way of requiring a browser vendor to write the code.
[Tue 11:52:01] <NateOtto>	manu: To be clear phase 1 and phase 2 don't require browser vendor support. Clearly we want their support at one point, but we don't want to put two mega-companies in the way of deploying this ecosystem that we want to see.
[Tue 11:52:25] <NateOtto>	dezell: The main point is that the IG is not intentionally slowing this work down, it's just our schedule of face to faces that sets times we can talk
[Tue 11:52:53] <NateOtto>	manu: Either the IG's going to get behind this and support it or say No. At that point, either we go to Plan B or we go straight to the general W3C for a vote.
[Tue 11:53:19] <NateOtto>	manu: By July 15 at the very latest July 30 we can start votes. By August we'll know whether we have a WG or not, in time for TPAC in portugal.
[Tue 11:53:53] <NateOtto>	manu: That's it for the call today. We'll meet again next week to go over some of the concerns with the Credential Transparency Inititative.
[Tue 11:54:12] <NateOtto>	manu: Thanks everybody for joining. Chat again next Tuesday at the same time.
[Tue 11:53:53] <NateOtto>	Present+ sutton, trainer, longley, taaz, kennedy, simmons, stone
