[Tue 11:06:30] <manu>	scribe: SunnyLeeBA
[Tue 11:06:39] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Jan/0001.html
[Tue 11:06:52] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: Agenda today we have update on webpayments f2f and how credentials integrate into that
[Tue 11:06:58] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: We have reports from subgroups
[Tue 11:06:39] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Jan/0001.html
[Tue 11:07:03] *	eknight (1861a12c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.24.97.161.44) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:07:18] <SunnyLeeBA>	Present+ eknight, dlehn
[Tue 11:07:18] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: Any other agenda items?
[Tue 11:07:26] <manu>	Topic: Web Payments Face-to-Face
[Tue 11:07:30] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: First up is webpayments f2f
[Tue 11:07:50] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: Robobank is a big international bank in the Netherlands, meeting will be there: https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/2014-02-02_Meeting_Page
[Tue 11:07:58] <manu>	These are the use cases they're working on: https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Use_Cases_Task_Force
[Tue 11:09:17] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: we need to make sure our use cases are integrated into web payments work, do the bulk of the work here and then integrate with them
[Tue 11:09:45] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: meeting on Feb 2 - 4 in Utrecht, planning on making strong push to get credentials use cases to get integrated in some way
[Tue 11:10:08] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: Use cases document is in pretty good shape. We need to make sure that this group understands what we're trying to do at that meeting
[Tue 11:10:26] <manu>	voip: 16 is NateOtto
[Tue 11:10:27] <voip-cr>	NateOtto is now associated with SIP/192.168.1.103-00000016.
[Tue 11:10:32] <manu>	voip: 17 is Kerri
[Tue 11:10:32] <voip-cr>	Kerri is now associated with SIP/192.168.0.125-00000017.
[Tue 11:10:54] <NateOtto>	The Web Payments use cases doc is a good one.
[Tue 11:11:00] <NateOtto>	I didn't know of an integration plan.
[Tue 11:11:02] <erkorb>	new to me
[Tue 11:11:05] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: Is this new to folks, if so please speak up
[Tue 11:11:13] <Kerri>	New to me too
[Tue 11:11:16] <SunnyLeeBA>	dlongley: plan is not new to me, sounds good
[Tue 11:11:32] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: This is new to a number of people
[Tue 11:12:22] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: during web payments f2f in Santa Clara, a number of orgs showed up from Ed world, ETS, Verisign, Accreditrust, came to web payments and said there's a credential issue and they'd like to take on the bulk of the credential work. This happend in Oct 2014
[Tue 11:12:55] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: Web payments group has since been focusing on payments with strong verifiable credentiail so you can prove who people are. First f2f was last Oct, next is in Feb 2015.
[Tue 11:13:48] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: What's happening in Feb is to convince web payments IG, official group within w3c, the credential cg is going to make a strong push to have our roadmap and use cases doc and tech we're working on, become a part of the set of technologies that the web payments group proposes to be officially standardized by w3c.
[Tue 11:13:54] <NateOtto>	Thanks for the recap, Manu
[Tue 11:14:25] <SunnyLeeBA>	dlongley: Might help to quickly clarify that w3c process recommends some groups to officially work on official work
[Tue 11:14:33] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: 2 processes to start official work at w3c
[Tue 11:15:34] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: W3C member company proposes a new activity is created, say a company says w3c should do something with credentials, then w3c gives 4 - 6 mo lead, get people interested, have workshop, 3 - 6 mo later, they'll charter Interest Group to charter creation of an official WG, which happens another 6 months later.
[Tue 11:15:50] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: We don't want to wait 18 mo to start stuff we're talking about in this group
[Tue 11:16:14] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: Web payments group has gone through 12 of the 18 months into the process. we're trying to piggyback on the web payment group's work.
[Tue 11:16:47] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: We don't want to wait, they absolutely need credential piece. This will help us get more support for credential stuff if it were looped in with payments rather than doing this on our own.
[Tue 11:17:00] <Kerri>	Makes good sense - thanks
[Tue 11:17:02] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: Any qs on w3c process or why we're trying to hook into web payments work?
[Tue 11:17:04] <NateOtto>	Clearly explained, thanks.
[Tue 11:17:16] <mleuba>	Makes sense
[Tue 11:17:40] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: We have a critical meeting in Feb where we're pushing for this. Belaboring this point to make sure everyone in this group is for this approach.
[Tue 11:17:49] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: Please make your objections loud before Feb meeting.
[Tue 11:17:53] <marybold>	Is a warm reception expected?
[Tue 11:17:54] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: Any other qs?
[Tue 11:18:25] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: Yeah it should because without credential problem solves, can't do high value high stakes payments and the group has not been working on the credentialing at all.
[Tue 11:18:49] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: This is not coming to the web payments group without warning.
[Tue 11:18:52] <marybold>	Filling a gap is a fine approach. You will be telling us about agenda, right?
[Tue 11:19:43] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: Agenda is still being created. In fact just had a call about the agenda. Review our roadmap doc and/or use cases and review work on signatures.
[Tue 11:20:13] <manu>	SunnyLeeBA: What do think the results of that meeting are going to be?
[Tue 11:20:22] <NateOtto>	For Open Badges, a spec already being used in the wild: what is the impact of including our credentials use cases (that incorporate some existing functions of open badges) into an already chartered group?
[Tue 11:20:55] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: If everything goes according to plan, web payments IG will absorb credential CG's use cases. Once those use cases are in there, that puts a stake in the ground
[Tue 11:21:40] <SunnyLeeBA>	Manu: Credential use cases will be part of a uses cases release that is 1 - 2 months later. After picking up credential use cases web payments are on the hook to make a proposal on how to tackle the use cases.
[Tue 11:21:53] <SunnyLeeBA>	SunnyLeeBa:yep
[Tue 11:24:27] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: split up into data format and protocol. As far as we align on data format, we should be able to do that in the next few months, we'll be in good shape. We're using JSON-LD and obi created vocabulary in json-ld context. As far as protocol, still uncertain. We have backpack federation issue, identity transfer...big question mark...
[Tue 11:24:47] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: need to understand what BA wants for the protocol. Including our use cases has a lot of upsides.
[Tue 11:25:31] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: now that you've identified the problem, what technologies exist out there? OBI stuff is one such thing. Identity credentials is another one. OpenID and OpenID Connect is yet another one. Then we need to figure which one of these gets reused to solve the problem.
[Tue 11:26:07] <SunnyLeeBA>	NateOtto: BA wants to revisit protocol for backpack federation because a lot of stakeholders have specific needs that need to be improved. Say Cities of Learning under 13 learners
[Tue 11:26:22] <SunnyLeeBA>	NateOtto: Wouldn't want to change anything that causes any further work or confusion.
[Tue 11:26:50] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: all this stuff is moving quickly and in parallel. Impossible to predict the future. The only thing we can try and promise is to coordinate as much as possible to create as little misalignment as possible.
[Tue 11:27:16] <SunnyLeeBA>	NateOtto: do you think going forward with this strategy, piggybacking on the web payments, gets in the way of going faster?
[Tue 11:27:52] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: the more market verticals we involve the higher the chance of success for the core technology, but the slower we move.
[Tue 11:29:23] <SunnyLeeBA>	NateOtto: have particular things we'd like to get done this year to help folks having trouble with the backpack being more centralized than initially intended. Will likely be a BA priority this year. We'll move forward with all these issues in mind. And be collaborative and open.
[Tue 11:30:25] <SunnyLeeBA>	erkorb: As Nate is talking about specific issues we're trying to address, it's difficult to try to cover the back of all the projects asking for specific things. We have to understand that we have to build things to patch things but not build things that put us in a corner.
[Tue 11:30:47] <SunnyLeeBA>	erkorb: waiting on a communication layer on our platform. in the mean time, just patching in between. That effects our customer base.
[Tue 11:31:03] <SunnyLeeBA>	erkorb: don't think it's reasonable to expect us to solve this problem worldwide by this summer.
[Tue 11:31:19] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: one of the core features of w3c is extensibility.
[Tue 11:31:22] <NateOtto>	Yes, "solve" would be overly optimistic --
[Tue 11:31:36] <NateOtto>	"experiment in a positive direction" is my hope
[Tue 11:31:56] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: with json-ld extensibility is in there from day 1. Same goes for protocols. The only way to make progress on this is to figure out core of the comm protocol and data format and extend that.
[Tue 11:33:13] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: there's gonna be a certain amount of effort, where we prototype some of the experimental features, if someone comes up with features that seem like a good candidate for standardization we'll coalesce around that.
[Tue 11:34:03] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: eg. let's say NateOtto has a deliverable by this summer and needs to figure out improvements to the backpack. what NateOtto implements is generalizable enough that it can be applied to health care and payments as well. He proposes it, group discusses, and the feature can be standardized.
[Tue 11:34:34] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: creating a standard is a long drawn out process.
[Tue 11:34:41] <NateOtto>	Haha, I don't think you would get Manu to say creating rock solid standards is easy.
[Tue 11:35:44] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: we have a chunk of technologies that are out there that work. we have a core of things that can be standardized. It's true that the backpack federation isn't figured out but there might be badges data formats that we can all agree on. We can move on pieces quickly.
[Tue 11:35:48] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: any qs?
[Tue 11:36:01] <NateOtto>	Thanks, that sounds good for some of my concerns.
[Tue 11:36:16] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: as always this is an ongoing convo.
[Tue 11:36:49] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: we'll jump into deliverables. these are important because it provides a roadmap for the other groups outside of this comm to try and understand what we're trying to accomplish.
[Tue 11:36:57] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: next bit of work is linked data signatures
[Tue 11:37:11] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: all of these docs we're about to talk about are there to communicate externally where we're headed.
[Tue 11:37:16] <manu>	Topic: Linked Data Signatures
[Tue 11:37:25] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: Dave Longley is lead, can you give us an overview of where we are?
[Tue 11:37:32] <dlongley>	http://json-ld.org/spec/latest/rdf-dataset-normalization/index.html
[Tue 11:37:50] <SunnyLeeBA>	dlongley: most of the work for this is waiting on me to do spec editing on RDF dataset. have updated intro on the spec
[Tue 11:38:07] <dlongley>	http://json-ld.org/spec/latest/rdf-dataset-normalization/index.html#introduction
[Tue 11:38:07] <SunnyLeeBA>	dlongley: the spec has been woefully out of date. 4 diff implementations in 4 diff languages.
[Tue 11:38:15] <dlongley>	http://json-ld.org/spec/latest/rdf-dataset-normalization/index.html#normalization-algorithm
[Tue 11:38:39] <SunnyLeeBA>	dlongley: the intro details what the spec is for, main algorithm is also in there. will be filling in details for other meatier parts.
[Tue 11:39:05] <SunnyLeeBA>	dlongley: I'll be working to get more of the spec done. Very technical work.
[Tue 11:40:00] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: also been talking with w3c staff on pass forward for this spec. The reason why we need this spec is because we need it to do digital signatures. The spec is more or less done. We just need to update it to shove it into a w3c process.
[Tue 11:40:20] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: feel we can fast track this and move it into existing working group.
[Tue 11:40:49] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: RDF data set normalization will not go into a credential since expertise to do this spec well is different than the skillset within the credential wg.
[Tue 11:41:24] <manu>	Topic: JSON-LD Credentials Context/Vocabulary Update
[Tue 11:41:35] <NateOtto>	http://openbadges.github.io/openbadges-specification/1.1/context.json
[Tue 11:42:12] <NateOtto>	http://standard.openbadges.org
[Tue 11:42:36] <SunnyLeeBA>	NateOtto: has all the vocab that open badges community has been using.
[Tue 11:42:58] <SunnyLeeBA>	NateOtto: we also have the json-ld context file that you can use to build your open badges and other credential document.
[Tue 11:43:03] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: the document looks great. Fantastic progress.
[Tue 11:44:20] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: part of the work here is to do document reviews. This looks like it's in good enough shape to do a doc review.
[Tue 11:44:26] <NateOtto>	Yes, this is now open for document review, and would love for a couple folks on this call to take a pass through
[Tue 11:44:30] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: any volunteers to do a review on this doc?
[Tue 11:44:44] <SunnyLeeBA>	bsletten: I'll review the document.
[Tue 11:44:39] <manu>	ACTION: Brian to review http://openbadges.github.io/openbadges-specification/
[Tue 11:44:36] <NateOtto>	Thanks, bsletten
[Tue 11:44:45] <manu>	I'll do a review too.
[Tue 11:44:45] <manu>	ACTION: Manu to review http://openbadges.github.io/openbadges-specification/
[Tue 11:45:01] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: any other reviewers?
[Tue 11:45:20] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: once you do the review, send all feedback to the mailing list and we'll process it there.
[Tue 11:45:51] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: you get review comments in, at w3c you have to respond to every singe comment/question.
[Tue 11:45:56] <NateOtto>	build some good habits now
[Tue 11:46:07] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: as a community group, technically we don't have to do that but it's good practice.
[Tue 11:46:26] <SunnyLeeBA>	NateOtto: need to take off but thanks and look forward to comments.
[Tue 11:46:27] <voip-cr>	NateOtto (SIP/192.168.1.103-00000016) has left the conference.
[Tue 11:46:31] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: anything else on the vocab?
[Tue 11:46:35] *	NateOtto has quit (Quit: Textual IRC Client: www.textualapp.com)
[Tue 11:46:52] <manu>	SunnyLeeBA: Kerri has also been helping w/ the editing. Looking forward to comments/review.
[Tue 11:47:01] <manu>	Topic: Roadmap Update
[Tue 11:47:06] <manu>	The roadmap document is here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/19pnLioDVOoTl5ScUHgf_Bj9gUpQBHyShrnDoY_uz20c/edit
[Tue 11:47:27] <SunnyLeeBA>	mleuba: made good progress since we started this before the holidays
[Tue 11:47:47] <SunnyLeeBA>	mleuba: please take a look at the google doc, if you don't have access, e-mail me.
[Tue 11:48:10] <SunnyLeeBA>	mleuba: thanks for your input manu
[Tue 11:48:33] <SunnyLeeBA>	mleuba: next is to establish some targets
[Tue 11:48:54] <SunnyLeeBA>	mleuba: appreciate Nate Otto helping with credential vocab
[Tue 11:49:27] <SunnyLeeBA>	mleuba: simple use cases in the initial section of the doc, we could probably expand upon the work place civil society ... if someone wanted to add to the other 3 or the education one, that would be helpful.
[Tue 11:49:37] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: is the doc ready for review?
[Tue 11:50:10] <SunnyLeeBA>	mleuba: Only thing I'd like to resolve is terminology for credentialee. Default would be to keep current terminology. Each of which have certain downsides. Beyond that think it's ready for review.
[Tue 11:50:25] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: do you want to give it another week and then jump in and review next week?
[Tue 11:51:09] <SunnyLeeBA>	mleuba: this is not my document, it's a team effort.
[Tue 11:51:49] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: Tim Holborn and Pindar Wong have also weighed in on the doc. They're in the web payments group but they clearly have interest. Their input is important in addition they're based in Asia Pacific so that can provide a different perspective.
[Tue 11:51:57] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: any qs on the roadmap doc?
[Tue 11:52:55] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: question: in the web payments IG, we have a payment agent that can execute transactions on your behalf. I would imagine similarly, credential agent can receive and process credentials.
[Tue 11:53:14] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: once we've created that in web payments IG, we've broken down the phases of a transaction (earn credential, assign credential, request credential, etc.) and this process was helpful.
[Tue 11:53:24] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: certain companies are only interested in certain phases.
[Tue 11:54:14] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: these are all different phases, can say they're all different use cases, wonder if we should talk about the different phases of earning credentials and receiving one.
[Tue 11:54:31] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: i understand there's a higher overview but maybe having something time-based would also be useful.
[Tue 11:54:48] <SunnyLeeBA>	mleuba: there are so many use cases that you describe. You're saying show a series of sequential use cases?
[Tue 11:55:41] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: let's say earning a credential that is fairly generic. There may be 20 different use cases on how you earn a credential. eg. work on a farm, take the SATs, take a shop class. All these are about doing an activity and earning a credential. It's this high level thing of doing an activity and earning a credential. That we might want to put in a high level roadmap doc.
[Tue 11:56:00] <SunnyLeeBA>	marybold: sounds like what you're suggesting is simplest workflow.
[Tue 11:56:27] <SunnyLeeBA>	mleuba: marybold and I are working on this together.
[Tue 11:56:35] <SunnyLeeBA>	marybold: can think about one schematic.
[Tue 11:56:40] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: big +1 from me.
[Tue 11:57:47] <SunnyLeeBA>	dlongley: credential agent, think it's good to have things broken out into different parts. If we have a credential agent doing everything together...
[Tue 11:57:54] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: credential agent doesn't have to do everything.
[Tue 11:58:05] <SunnyLeeBA>	dlongley: what's the advantage of saying there's a credential agent?
[Tue 11:58:44] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: because none are the actual piece of software. this is the way the web payments group seems to be structuring their work. The closer we map our work with theirs, it's easier for them to integrate the work.
[Tue 11:58:55] <SunnyLeeBA>	mleuba: there's a credential service that is a software program.
[Tue 11:59:19] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: would argue that a company runs a program and within that program there might be credential agent.
[Tue 11:59:37] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: this is a barely formed idea so we need to hammer on it some more.
[Tue 11:59:49] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: anything else we should cover in the remaining seconds?
[Tue 12:00:26] <SunnyLeeBA>	manu: thanks everyone for a very productive call. please continue to work on your docs. Will be showing them to web payments IG in the beginning of Feb. Please focus on the bits you think will have the most impact.

