[Tue 11:04:27] <m4nu>	Agenda: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2014Oct/0012.html
[Tue 11:04:32] <m4nu>	scribe: Bailley
[Tue 11:05:24] <Bailley>	Manu: We might want to add something to the agenda discussion about what exactly were thinking of publishing for W3C TAC status of document how we should go about vote.
[Tue 11:05:24] <Bailley>	Bill: No additions to Agenda.
[Tue 11:06:11] <m4nu>	Topic: Voting Process on Credentials Use Case Document
[Tue 11:06:21] <m4nu>	voip: b9 is Bill
[Tue 11:06:21] <voip-cr>	Bill is now associated with SIP/144.81.85.9:56026-000000b9.
[Tue 11:06:38] <Bailley>	Manu: this is kinda the discussion on what were trying to get done
[Tue 11:07:21] <Bailley>	Manu: the discussion has to do with what were going to do with use cases docuemnt. important to have  some kind of use case document...so web payment group can refer to it. point to document and have discussion around document and what we want to do with this group
[Tue 11:07:47] <Bailley>	Manu: Any comments on it being beneficial  before having this document before TPAC? Or basically hold off on it?
[Tue 11:08:57] <Bailley>	Manu: Trying to do is saying that the community has basic agreement on these use cases. Maybe new use cases after TPAC? Edit document over next 2-3 months
[Tue 11:09:29] <Bailley>	Manu: decision isn't made on call, send it out to list and people can object to that proposal if they have any. Other thing we need to discuss is the length of the vote?
[Tue 11:11:22] <Bailley>	Manu: Usually two week affairs, the problem with that if we we need to finalize some of the language today. If we delay vote until next Tuesday or Friday we only have a wek for the vote. could decide to do give everyone fair notice we'll have vote starting at end of day next Tuesday and vote will only be open till the following Tues. or Wed, Community small enough we can probably do that, but fairly accelerated voting process.
[Tue 11:12:09] <Bailley>	dlongley: Have anything in charter that says vote doesn't have to last a certain time?
[Tue 11:12:33] <dlongley>	"Within 7 days of such a request, the Chair must announce the start and end dates, and the venue for the vote. Such a vote must be open at least 7 days and should be no more than 14 days, using a structured online voting solution, ensuring that no member votes more than once."
[Tue 11:12:45] <Bailley>	Manu: Vote must be open at least 7 days and no more than 14 days.
[Tue 11:12:49] <dlongley>	http://www.w3.org/community/credentials/charter/
[Tue 11:13:09] <Bailley>	Manu: We're really  not required to do that. Could do that based on working consensus.
[Tue 11:14:08] <Bailley>	Manu: Proposal create a publish a preliminary use cases document. Before W3C TPAC. Start the vote at end of day on Tuesday, October 14.
[Tue 11:14:14] <m4nu>	PROPOSAL: Create and publish a preliminary Credentials Use Cases document and vote on publishing it as a first public working draft before W3C TPAC. Give fair notice of the vote immediately, start the vote at the end of the day on Tuesday October 14th 2014 and keep it open for 7 days.
[Tue 11:14:32] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:14:35] <m4nu>	+1
[Tue 11:14:41] <Bailley>	+1
[Tue 11:14:44] <taaz>	+1
[Tue 11:14:55] <Bailley>	Mary: +1
[Tue 11:15:01] <Bailley>	Mark +1
[Tue 11:15:13] <Bailley>	Bill: +1
[Tue 11:15:32] <mediaprophet>	+1
[Tue 11:15:16] <m4nu>	RESOLVED: Create and publish a preliminary Credentials Use Cases document and vote on publishing it as a first public working draft before W3C TPAC. Give fair notice of the vote immediately, start the vote at the end of the day on Tuesday October 14th 2014 and keep it open for 7 days.
[Tue 11:16:05] <Bailley>	Manu: Purpose of call is to try and get preliminary set of use cases in document. Don't have to be perfect but should be fairly clear in what we're trying to address.
[Tue 11:16:31] <Bailley>	Manu: Let's talk about W3C's response to the agenda bashing we did on web payments call.
[Tue 11:16:34] <m4nu>	Topic: Web Payments Agenda on CG call last week
[Tue 11:16:52] <m4nu>	https://web-payments.org/minutes/2014-10-01/#8
[Tue 11:17:19] <m4nu>	That was the discussion ^^
[Tue 11:17:27] <m4nu>	This is the preliminary Agenda: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments/2014Oct/0013.html
[Tue 11:17:39] <m4nu>	Direct link to preliminary agenda: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R_hLcUBXJxm3DhQC4JmyzS_hKlnhQDUFBvfZR5UaFf0/edit?usp=sharing
[Tue 11:18:02] <Bailley>	manu: keep in mind that this is a proposal by web payment community group to the web payment activity...suggestion on what we'd like to see discussed.
[Tue 11:18:22] *	Bill (90515509@gateway/web/freenode/ip.144.81.85.9) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:18:34] <Bailley>	Manu: general layout morning meeting on web payments... finish off day with web payment meetin gon monday and tuesday. On wednesday do a wrap-up discussion to those that couldn't make the meetings. Credentials meetings sandwiched in between.
[Tue 11:18:46] *	Bill is now known as Guest11977
[Tue 11:19:04] <Bailley>	Manu: Staff contact said that they're working on agenda w/ chairs, fairly dismissive of CG's comments on Agenda.
[Tue 11:19:59] <Bailley>	Manu: Staff contact and chairs have been unresponsive since last Friday. Maybe because they're busy but getting concerned there will be miscommunication leading up to TPAC
[Tue 11:20:08] <Bailley>	Manu: fair notice on agenda and whats being discussed.
[Tue 11:20:29] <Bailley>	Manu: staff contact not releasing agenda until next week . gives poepl only a week or a week and a half of prep time.
[Tue 11:20:57] <Bailley>	Manu: This is problematic. He also said this premature that we have a Credentials CG meeting at all.
[Tue 11:21:39] <Bailley>	Manu: Unfortunate reality here is that staff contact hasnt been tracking CG work, and all credentials calls weve been having, and understand many payments co's raised credentials questions.
[Tue 11:22:04] <Bailley>	Manu: We'll have to lobby them pretty heavily when they make that agenda public to make sure we can talk about credentials.
[Tue 11:22:31] <Bailley>	Manu: Clearly not happy about approach they're taking. Done between three people instead of having the communities involved. I understand the pressure they're under, but this is fairly bad form when it comes to open standards, not even Web Payments Workshop attendees are in on discussion. 
[Tue 11:22:38] <Bailley>	Manu: Any thoughts on this?
[Tue 11:23:24] <Bailley>	Mary: Direct communication with staffer? Anything we need to do or record? Doesnt sound like this is something you like to complain about but we need to keep persisting to make the case?
[Tue 11:23:50] <mediaprophet>	W3C has initiated a program entitled ‘webizen’ which is an individual membership, for W3c (of forms).  This is an excellent example around why this type of membership category is important to the W3C
[Tue 11:24:25] <Bailley>	Manu: Communtiy groups dont have much say with whats going on. Have W3C members participate in this call though... Fed. Reserve, Yandex, Dont wan to invoke those orgs names... but i think staff contact is unaware that W3C member shaving these  discussions.
[Tue 11:25:22] <Bailley>	Manu: All we can do is continue to lobby them. If there are W3C memebrs that care about this they should individually lobby the W3C to ask them why the agenda planning isn't being done publicly.
[Tue 11:25:35] <Bailley>	Mary: Restriction only been communicated to the staff member to you?
[Tue 11:25:38] <Bailley>	Manu: yes.
[Tue 11:25:50] <Bailley>	Mary: Hard to respond when there's no notice.
[Tue 11:25:54] <Bailley>	Manu: Yea.
[Tue 11:26:11] <mediaprophet>	suggestion: lobby for improvements via webizen program
[Tue 11:26:18] <Bailley>	Manu: Not much we can do than say where's the agenda. That might trigger well we're working on it internally and then we can ask why
[Tue 11:26:27] <Bailley>	Mary: We'd like to propose something
[Tue 11:26:49] <Bailley>	Manu: Worse case they will propose agenda at end of next week and be a rush to make sure CG is heard on that agenda.
[Tue 11:26:51] *	SunnyLee (475cc427@gateway/web/freenode/ip.71.92.196.39) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:26:53] <mediaprophet>	FYI: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webizen/2014Oct/0002.html
[Tue 11:26:56] <m4nu>	voip: ba is Sunny
[Tue 11:26:56] <voip-cr>	Sunny is now associated with SIP/71.92.196.39:5060-000000ba.
[Tue 11:27:27] <Bailley>	Manu: Try and keep pressure on the staff contact and chairs to respond. Asked them about this last Friday and still no response.
[Tue 11:27:27] <Bailley>	Clarification: Manu received a response one hour after this Credentials CG call and the is ongoing discussion wrt. resolving this issue.
[Tue 11:27:47] <Bailley>	Manu: Anything else on this agenda item?
[Tue 11:28:05] <m4nu>	Topic: Comments on Use Cases Document
[Tue 11:28:12] <m4nu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/use-cases/
[Tue 11:28:25] <Bailley>	Manu: Very preliminary very drafty use cases document posted on website.
[Tue 11:28:43] <Bailley>	Manu: What got in there now are web payment use cases that got into there over last two weeks.
[Tue 11:29:08] <Bailley>	Manu: Gotten some great feedback already. During the call today working on extending those use cases based on Tim and Mark Luba's comments they sent in.
[Tue 11:29:20] <Bailley>	Manu: Of course doing some general comments on document.
[Tue 11:29:32] <Bailley>	Manu: Any concerns on document or how its put together? One piece of feedback... Something we might want to do is in this template we have for describing the use cases we might want to describe in a more general way. State in very generic way and then state an example that might be more helpful.
[Tue 11:30:40] *	dlongley that was me speaking (Dave)
[Tue 11:31:02] <Bailley>	Manu: Great proposal and we should definitely do that.
[Tue 11:31:08] <Bailley>	Manu: Other comments?
[Tue 11:31:28] <Bailley>	Manu: One other comment still a bit to payments specific.
[Tue 11:31:46] <Bailley>	Manu: Try and make these even less specific and move the payments specific details into a sub-section.
[Tue 11:31:59] *	mediaprophet has quit (Quit: mediaprophet)
[Tue 11:32:03] <m4nu>	Topic: Remaining Use Cases
[Tue 11:32:19] <m4nu>	http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2014Oct/0010.html
[Tue 11:32:23] <Bailley>	Manu: There are two emails we need to go over. First from Nate Otto. Nate brought up that likes composaility mechanism but there is one particular use case thats interesting allowing two disparate systems to link up with each other based on shared
[Tue 11:33:21] <Bailley>	Manu: Both systems have person's social security number use that number to sync between each other. Or email address or drivers license identifiier.
[Tue 11:33:33] <m4nu>	Potential use case: Enable credentials to be issued by systems in a way that allows each
[Tue 11:33:33] <m4nu>	system to align their internal identifiers with the other.
[Tue 11:33:52] <Bailley>	Manu: Any thoughts on that use case?
[Tue 11:34:21] <Bailley>	Dave: To me thats generally supported by the design in using JSON LD,
[Tue 11:34:40] <Bailley>	Dave: Both systems understand government ID and data matches then you're talking about same identity.
[Tue 11:34:51] <Bailley>	Manu: Question is if we want to put this use case in the document?
[Tue 11:35:06] <Bailley>	Dave: Maybe this should be design criteria to enable things like this to happen?
[Tue 11:35:31] <Bailley>	Manu: Kinda like identifier alignment use case.
[Tue 11:36:10] <Bailley>	Manu: We are going to have universal idenitifier  associated with these credentials.Do the legacy systems need to use this universal identifier? That's probably not an assumption we should make. Fall back to this design criteria.
[Tue 11:36:15] <Bailley>	Dave: Right
[Tue 11:36:23] <Bailley>	Manu: Largely an argument for legacy systems
[Tue 11:36:26] <m4nu>	ok so we have this - Design Criteria: Enable credentials to be issued by systems in a way that allows each system to align their internal identifiers with the other.
[Tue 11:36:46] <Bailley>	Manu: No objections.
[Tue 11:36:56] <m4nu>	Ok, so let's move on to this: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2014Oct/0014.html
[Tue 11:37:04] <m4nu>	Topic: Verifiable Claims
[Tue 11:38:03] <m4nu>	Tim wanted a credential use case for this: Existing proof of patent -  I have a patent or trademark.  I offer the use of this patent or trademark subject to “this” agreement.
[Tue 11:38:27] <Bailley>	Manu: Use that patent or trademark based on certain type of license.
[Tue 11:38:51] <Bailley>	Manu: Prove to me that you have X qualification. Most basic use case, but don't call it out explicitly, but we probably should.
[Tue 11:39:09] <m4nu>	The proposal is to have a basic Proof use case: An entity would like to prove that they have a particular qualification, achievement, or quality that has been vouched for and digitally signed by a 3rd party.
[Tue 11:39:12] <Bailley>	Manu: Should we have proof use case?
[Tue 11:40:23] <Bailley>	Dave: Had some discussion on a previous call. One issue is just the language. Proof has some issues Eric brought up. Way this is written you could actually prove, that you've achieved something which is different than a third party said you have achieved something. Need some better language here.
[Tue 11:40:53] <Bailley>	Dave: Eric specifically said he wanted to not use the word proof, but maybe claim instead.
[Tue 11:41:32] <Bailley>	Manu: Digitally verifiable credentials... This is the Know Your Customer thing. There is some overlap.
[Tue 11:41:40] <Bailley>	Manu: But not enough to be merged into one.
[Tue 11:41:52] <Bailley>	Manu: Do we have use case with the proof/claim thing.
[Tue 11:42:10] <Bailley>	Dave: I think we need to specifically state it but worried about the language.
[Tue 11:42:25] <Bailley>	Manu: Use case could be called third party claims.
[Tue 11:43:11] <dlongley>	"An entity can demonstrate that a 3rd party has asserted that they have a particular qualification, achievement, or quality."
[Tue 11:43:17] <m4nu>	An entity would like to prove that a 3rd party has made a particular set of claims about them (such as a qualification, achievement, or quality). The claim should be verifiable.
[Tue 11:43:57] <Bailley>	Manu: Should we split verifiable thing out? And then how is it actual proof?
[Tue 11:44:06] <Bailley>	Dave: No Has to be verifiable to eb part of use case.
[Tue 11:44:27] <Bailley>	Manu: Any comments on which one they like more? Or another proposal?
[Tue 11:45:29] <m4nu>	An entity can demonstrate that a 3rd party has claimed that they have a particular qualification, achievement, or quality. The claims should be verifiable.
[Tue 11:46:10] <Bailley>	Dave: Problem is still that...still has confusion that makes people think you can go verify that the claims are true, instead of that the claims were made.
[Tue 11:46:37] <dlongley>	"An agent can verify that a 3rd party has made a particular set of claims about an entity (such as a qualification, achievement, or quality)."
[Tue 11:46:37] <m4nu>	An entity can demonstrate that a 3rd party has claimed that they have a particular qualification, achievement, or quality to a requestor. The requestor should be able to verify that the claims were made by the 3rd party.
[Tue 11:47:03] <Bailley>	Dave: Almost like we need another party in here... Agent or something in here to verify that those claims were made.
[Tue 11:47:17] <Bailley>	Manu: Issuer, credentialee and requestor
[Tue 11:47:49] <dlongley>	"A requestor can verify that an issuer has made a particular set of claims about an entity (such as a qualification, achievement, or quality)."
[Tue 11:48:22] <dlongley>	"A requestor can (cryptographically) verify that an issuer has made a particular set of claims about an entity (such as a qualification, achievement, or quality)."
[Tue 11:49:22] <Bailley>	Mark: Question please? Thinking about a student...the requestor can they independently address the issuer without some kind of pre-approval from entity that is asserting the qualifications?
[Tue 11:49:26] <Bailley>	Manu: It can be.
[Tue 11:50:06] <Bailley>	Manu: University could directly pull students info from the testing center is they have an agreement to do that. Potentially violates laws in some parts of the world, but the tech can allow that to happen.
[Tue 11:50:22] <Bailley>	Mark: Some delegation of authority?
[Tue 11:51:07] <Bailley>	Manu: We're definitely not saying a university can get access to student transcript from another university without any authorization from the student or going around the laws that exist today for those cases.
[Tue 11:51:31] <Bailley>	Mark: And there will be tool, mechanism...that would allow for that delegation to occur.
[Tue 11:51:33] <Bailley>	Manu: Yes
[Tue 11:52:19] <m4nu>	Use Case: A requestor can (cryptographically) verify that an issuer has made a particular set of claims about an entity (such as a qualification, achievement, or quality).
[Tue 11:52:23] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:52:49] <Bailley>	Manu: Anything else before we move on?
[Tue 11:52:49] <m4nu>	Topic: Media Rights
[Tue 11:53:24] <m4nu>	Tim said: CREATIVE COMMONS (MEDIA) I offer this content freely for civic use.  If you seek to print this photo, then i charge you $2 amount / Value. (take to printer, printer software sees credential  / claim, charges customer for print + fee / cost).
[Tue 11:54:18] <Bailley>	Manu: If your name is John Smith it'd be a very particular J. Smith associated with the copyrgiht.
[Tue 11:54:40] <Bailley>	Manu: That part seems to be payments use case.
[Tue 11:55:07] <Bailley>	Manu: Given the prvious use case, i think we have this one covered. Any thoughts?
[Tue 11:55:28] <Bailley>	Dave: This is just an example in sub-section. I'm in agreement
[Tue 11:55:42] *	dlongley thanks bailey
[Tue 11:55:47] <voip-cr>	Bill (SIP/144.81.85.9:56026-000000b9) has left the conference.
[Tue 11:55:52] *	Bailley has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 11:56:32] <m4nu>	Topic: Data Rights
[Tue 11:56:19] <m4nu>	scribe: SunnyLee
[Tue 11:56:37] <SunnyLee>	Manu: next up, we have data rights
[Tue 11:56:54] <m4nu>	Tim says: How do we protect the person before they send their credentials?
[Tue 11:56:55] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Tim is saying, how do we protect the person before they send in their credentials
[Tue 11:57:25] <m4nu>	For example - I need to receive a credential from a trusted authority that you keep to your data agreements. ie: anti-malware company xyz actively scans websites to identify what tracking data they’re using on the relevant pages, generating RDF about these website behaviours as a means to provide arbitration capabilities surrounding the use of credentials for payments or other purpose.
[Tue 11:58:29] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Basically an org wants to say that you are a trustworthy org. Like a better Business bureau seal on the website. Thinks this use case is already covered by the basic credential use case and the verifiability use case.
[Tue 11:58:37] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Does anyone think this hasn't been covered already?
[Tue 11:59:32] <SunnyLee>	Dave:  Think Tim was referring to making assertions when sending credentials to places.
[Tue 11:59:53] <SunnyLee>	Manu: That's covered in another one. If Tim is referring to that, we have a data rights use case covered in another design document.
[Tue 12:00:12] <SunnyLee>	Dave: I think we have got this covered. Should figure out where this example should go.
[Tue 12:00:43] <SunnyLee>	Dave: Think Tim was partially get at the idea of creating a system that could automatically assert that certain companies can be trusted with your data. You can know that company will comply with that.
[Tue 12:00:58] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Think this use case is covered.
[Tue 12:01:02] <m4nu>	Topic: Proof of Pseudo-anonymity
[Tue 12:01:35] <m4nu>	Tim said: If the website claims a type of pseudo-anonymity is provided by the site; this is verified by the anti-malware organisation, who counter-signs the credential at the time of transmission; therein reinforcing a position of trust for the merchant through a trusted 3rd party.
[Tue 12:02:45] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Basically means that the customer trusts some 3rd party, say google, and merchant trusts 3rd party, say google, customer would like to say merchant is providing pseudo anonymous transaction. They'll try to crack who you are.
[Tue 12:03:33] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Some kind of claim being made by a 3rd party. Merchant has pseudo anonymous transcaction claim. Customer that wants to make a purchase is going to ask, that that credential is counter signed by google before they do that transaction. Like 2 signs of that credential.
[Tue 12:03:45] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Think this might be covered via composibility use case.
[Tue 12:04:29] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Or we use endorsement where merchant continuously endorses the pseudo anonymous credential, google resigns it every single hour and give it to the buyer to prove it's an up to date credential
[Tue 12:04:40] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Or it can be re-issued every hour by google and the bank.
[Tue 12:04:46] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Any other thoughts on this use case?
[Tue 12:05:07] <SunnyLee>	Dave: thumbsup
[Tue 12:05:20] <voip-cr>	Mary (IAX2/diamondcard-12688) has left the conference.
[Tue 12:05:47] <m4nu>	Topic: Data Rights Agreement Before Transmission of Data
[Tue 12:06:11] <m4nu>	Tim said: I agree to providing you this information on the following terms  Terms are stipulated using RDF (some form of linked-data) and that these terms be agreed to prior to transmission of payload data.
[Tue 12:06:58] <SunnyLee>	Manu: This use case says that a credential that you send to requestor, the requestor needs to agree to certain data rights agreement. Say, I'm going to send you my driver's license but you have to agree you're not going to send any of my info before I send it to you.
[Tue 12:07:15] <SunnyLee>	Manu: After agreement, credentialee sends credential. Falls into data rights.
[Tue 12:08:37] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Any thoughts on this? What we can do today is we can ship off credential and attach a bunch of metadata like saying you can't use this for advertisement.
[Tue 12:09:06] <SunnyLee>	Dave: Initial thought is that this is out of scope
[Tue 12:09:35] <SunnyLee>	Dave: You can ask for one or more potential agreeements. Will the two documents be linked so that they're inseparable?
[Tue 12:10:54] <SunnyLee>	Manu: They can be using linked data but that's a big question mark. What's the term of the agreement? I think that's what Dave means, wrt lots of things to consider.
[Tue 12:11:19] <SunnyLee>	Manu: For example requestor may have intended agreement to only apply to driver's license, not email or other data.
[Tue 12:11:42] <SunnyLee>	Dave: Sending information over to them and getting signature saying this is the only way they'll use it requires another round trip.
[Tue 12:12:08] *	m4nu SunnyLee - Mark Leuba
[Tue 12:12:30] <SunnyLee>	Mark: A lot of chasing around of proof that there was in fact this commitment
[Tue 12:12:49] <SunnyLee>	Mark: From long term liability perspective, having an implied constraint in the request as to the use of the material is very importnat. Having that request and constraint is part and parcel to the actual credential is valuable.
[Tue 12:14:13] <SunnyLee>	Dave: Trying to say how to ensure the data is linked. The requestor specification's information can be included. Requestor's original statement on how they would use the credential and signature could be used without round trip
[Tue 12:14:56] <SunnyLee>	Manu: First step of requesting a credential is these are the properties that I want to konw about you. Included is I promise not to use your info for advertisement purposes and here's my signature.
[Tue 12:15:23] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Identity provides adds all those claims in there and adds claim that they won't use it for advertisement purposes, digitally signs it as a bundle and sends it back
[Tue 12:15:35] <SunnyLee>	Mark: Has all the components of a contract in here.
[Tue 12:16:04] <SunnyLee>	Dave: We would need to look into whether we want to say your signature needs to be on it as well
[Tue 12:16:11] <SunnyLee>	Mark: Or a link to the 3rd party.
[Tue 12:16:36] <SunnyLee>	Dave: We would have to start saying person that provides the credential must countersign the 3rd party
[Tue 12:16:55] <SunnyLee>	Dave: Even if there is no data right agreement. Your signature still needs to exist on there. Needs to be a part of the protocol.
[Tue 12:17:17] <SunnyLee>	Manu: This does allow another layer of complexity. Saying there needs to be 2 signatures. We don't want these credentials to be copied and used.
[Tue 12:17:37] <SunnyLee>	Dave: You do place your signature on a message. For secure messaging procotol. This includes the domain that the credential is intended for.
[Tue 12:17:45] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Short time frame that that credential is valid for.
[Tue 12:17:57] <SunnyLee>	Dave: Data rights agreement needs to persist longer than the 5 minutes.
[Tue 12:18:33] <SunnyLee>	Manu: With all that said, we have a solid solution that fits with the current architecture. How does use case document change based on this discussion. This is prior transmission of payload data.
[Tue 12:19:04] <SunnyLee>	Manu: We're getting into digital contract stuff which is great for web payment use cases but question is do we need this for credentials use case as well? Are there serious legal and business reasons to do this?
[Tue 12:19:38] <SunnyLee>	Dave: One of the other things we can build into this is if you're requesting a credential could have a linked data property that if this credential is given to anyone else, needs to have a signature from the owner.
[Tue 12:19:44] <SunnyLee>	Mark: Think this is a great idea.
[Tue 12:20:07] <SunnyLee>	Dave: We can do this more complicated digital contract stuff in version 2 or at least have design criteria on how it can be implemented in this version.
[Tue 12:20:37] <SunnyLee>	Dave: we want to ensure that a countersign is required if someone wants to use it.
[Tue 12:22:07] <SunnyLee>	Dave: Requiring a credential to be signed by credentialee such that a requestor can transmit a data rights agreement that can be bundled with a credential that the credentialee grants them access to
[Tue 12:22:19] <m4nu>	Design Criteria: Support the idea of requiring a credential to be signed by the credentilee such that a requestor can transmit a data rights agreement that can be bundled with any credential that the credentilee grants them access to
[Tue 12:22:55] <SunnyLee>	Dave: And the thing that's important is that we have a mechanism built in that a credential requires this when giving it to a requstor. That way you can know ahead of time, whether you need to see a data rights agreement or a signature from the credentialee to know you're not violating the agreement
[Tue 12:23:54] <SunnyLee>	Dave: I think we should have this in there and say we should allow this to happen in the future. We should keep this in mind so future versions can use this idea easily with the existing version of what we've got.
[Tue 12:24:37] <SunnyLee>	Manu: We'll put this in the doc with the caveat that the language isn't complete but that we're thinking about this.
[Tue 12:24:44] <m4nu>	Topic: Access Revocation
[Tue 12:25:02] <m4nu>	Tim said: I have reason to believe you’ve broken your terms and i seek to rescind access - how is that supported?
[Tue 12:26:14] <m4nu>	Use Case: Access Revocation - Pre-authorized access to credentials may be revoked at any time by the credentilee.
[Tue 12:26:21] <SunnyLee>	Manu: We have preauthorization use case but don't have mechanism where we revoke that access. So the use case is access revocation, pre-authorized access can be revoked anytime by credentialee?
[Tue 12:26:36] <SunnyLee>	Dave: Doesn't this fall under access control list? What part of standard does this need to be a part of?
[Tue 12:26:58] <SunnyLee>	Manu: It is something that only a credential that a vault or identiy provider will implement but will be good to have in the doc that this exists.
[Tue 12:27:32] <SunnyLee>	Dave: This should be a design criteria to ensure these things could be implemented by credential vaults or identity providers
[Tue 12:27:42] <SunnyLee>	Dave: It's another one of the value add for services.
[Tue 12:27:50] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Is the preauth use case one of those too?
[Tue 12:27:55] <SunnyLee>	Dave: Thought it was originally.
[Tue 12:28:34] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Access control list would be a design criteria and preauth will move over to design criteria
[Tue 12:28:36] <SunnyLee>	Dave: Yes
[Tue 12:29:36] <SunnyLee>	Dave: There is a component that goes into the standard but having access control list and implementation details don't actually go in standard.
[Tue 12:29:52] <SunnyLee>	Manu: We need to have a use case stick around but ACL and preauth be design criteria
[Tue 12:30:24] <SunnyLee>	Dave: In essense preauth is a use case but it's really about being able to access after pre auth has happened, in terms of where tech is concerned
[Tue 12:30:49] <SunnyLee>	Dave: You should have preauth language in there somewhere because someone will bring it up
[Tue 12:31:18] <m4nu>	Use Case: Non-interactive Credential Transmission - Ability for requestors to request pre-authorized access to a credential through a non-interactive channel.
[Tue 12:32:01] <dlongley>	"Ability for requestors to request credentials that they have been pre-authorized to access through a non-interactive channel."
[Tue 12:32:26] <SunnyLee>	Manu: In general we'll move ACL and permissions to design criteria and that's something vaults and identity provides as value add
[Tue 12:32:46] <SunnyLee>	Dave: We can say this is optional. That identity providers don't have to provide this.
[Tue 12:33:04] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Any thoughts on access revocation, ACL, etc?
[Tue 12:33:34] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Use case we want to have is that identity providers have ability to request credentials they've been pre-authorized to access through non interactive channels.
[Tue 12:33:44] <m4nu>	Tim also said: I have the right to change my mind (in certain instances)
[Tue 12:33:59] <m4nu>	Tim also said: I have the right to revokation of access to my data
[Tue 12:34:22] <m4nu>	Topic: Access Audit
[Tue 12:34:41] <m4nu>	That's all ACL stuff, we already have it for a design criteria. 
[Tue 12:34:47] <SunnyLee>	Manu: In general right to change my mind, right to revoke is all access control related. We've got this covered.
[Tue 12:34:51] <m4nu>	Topic: Access Credential Audit Information
[Tue 12:35:00] <m4nu>	Tim said: I would like to audit who has access to what data
[Tue 12:35:18] <m4nu>	This is a facility that doesn't need to be standardized, the identity provider could expose this feature in interesting ways as a competitive advantage.
[Tue 12:35:28] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Think this is a facility that we don'tn need to standardize, this is a value add that an id provider or credential service can provide.
[Tue 12:35:31] <SunnyLee>	Dave: Agree.
[Tue 12:35:38] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Any other comments?
[Tue 12:35:51] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Who is tracking me is a not specific to credentials
[Tue 12:36:11] <m4nu>	Tim also said: I want to store a copy of any data relating to me with respect to the use of this credential, on a service that is available to me.
[Tue 12:36:58] <SunnyLee>	DAve: My read is if someone associates data with credentials, want to see what that data is. Think this is out of scope. Can see how this is interesting. This isn'tn enforceble by a technical standard.
[Tue 12:37:04] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Agree this is out of scope.
[Tue 12:37:45] <m4nu>	Tim said: Provider of these services declares it will not be providing you a copy of this information pertaining to you.   I would therefore like a record of this declaration as a constituent of providing my details.
[Tue 12:39:18] <SunnyLee>	Dave: If you go visit a website and give them your creds the website will store some info about you related to that cred that you don't have access to, he would like the website would like to make a declaration so you can have access to it. If a g+ service asks for a different email address, google stores a bunch of info related to that email, google stores that info and says we're storing this info related to that email, is tha
[Tue 12:39:27] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Don't know why we need to support this.
[Tue 12:39:38] <SunnyLee>	Dave: This might be a complicated data rights agreements.
[Tue 12:39:52] <SunnyLee>	Dave: Companies can make that declaration using design we discussed earlier for the future.
[Tue 12:40:09] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Does anyone feel strongly about putting this in use cases doc? Would like to get more info from Tim.
[Tue 12:40:33] <SunnyLee>	Manu: think Dave you're right but feels vague and complex. Doesn't feel version 1. Let him object on why not to put in use case doc.
[Tue 12:41:16] <m4nu>	Topic: Education Use Cases
[Tue 12:41:44] <SunnyLee>	Mark: This represents a process that is very standard in education these days. In paper, pdf world.
[Tue 12:42:11] <SunnyLee>	Mark: Exchanging data that goes against where we are with rdf and linked data and the possiblity of a more elegant way of sharing data.
[Tue 12:42:57] <SunnyLee>	Mark: Main reason for being a part of committee is trying to put this out there that in some future point, by adding these design criteria that some process like this can be realized.
[Tue 12:44:16] <SunnyLee>	Manu: We want to say something really general but then get more detailed about supporting specific use cases.
[Tue 12:44:17] <m4nu>	So, Mark Leuba starts off: Louisa is a college student who has completed her first two years at Central Community College and wants to transfer to a four year university to continue her bachelor’s degree in accounting.  Louisa is also in the job market and wants her future employers to see the types of courses and skills she has learned.
[Tue 12:44:34] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Start off by grounding set of use cases with persona Luisa.
[Tue 12:45:08] <m4nu>	Topic: Access to Transcripts
[Tue 12:45:25] <m4nu>	Mark says: Louisa has applied to two colleges and she wants to provide access to her transcripts from CCC to these new colleges to satisfy their prerequisite requirements.
[Tue 12:45:59] <SunnyLee>	Manu: This can be covered by pre auth and ACL, non interactive one and the transmission use cases.
[Tue 12:46:27] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Any disagreement that we don't have this covered in the spec including changes we've talked about today?
[Tue 12:46:33] <SunnyLee>	No disagreement.
[Tue 12:47:03] <m4nu>	Next up, Mark says: Louisa also recently applied for a job as a billing analyst at NewCo and she wants to share her transcript and some of her school projects with the interview team members to showcase her accounting, leadership and communication skills.
[Tue 12:47:06] <SunnyLee>	Transmission, pre auth, Access control use case
[Tue 12:47:09] <SunnyLee>	We got it covered.
[Tue 12:49:09] <SunnyLee>	Mark: It would be great if there was a mechanism to expose to a limited group access for a specified time, my personal container of docs or work products that I've created. Key here is that it's authorized by me, there's a defined time frame and it's authorized to a specific collection of individuals.
[Tue 12:50:14] <SunnyLee>	Dave: What we're standardizing will include all this. The specifis are out of scope.
[Tue 12:50:18] <SunnyLee>	Mark: See that and agree.
[Tue 12:51:08] <m4nu>	Topic: Online Transcript
[Tue 12:51:09] <m4nu>	Mark also says: Rather than send paper or physical copies via email, Louisa provides secure, limited access to her transcript and online portfolio to the college admissions department and to the NewCo HR department.
[Tue 12:51:36] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Again access control, transmission use case.
[Tue 12:51:50] <SunnyLee>	Manu: This this is covered.
[Tue 12:51:55] <SunnyLee>	Dave: No disagreement
[Tue 12:51:53] <m4nu>	Topic: Continuing Education
[Tue 12:52:15] <m4nu>	Mark says: Louisa got the job at NewCo and is doing very well, taking advantage of NewCo’s well-known professional development program by taking several “learn at lunch” courses and receiving continuing education units toward a certificate in accounting.
[Tue 12:53:15] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Believe this is covered by storage, base credential and verifiability use cases. Issuer is either the company doing the lunch courses or her company. They can dump that into identity provider.
[Tue 12:53:35] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Any disagreement that we don't already have this covered?
[Tue 12:53:38] <SunnyLee>	No disagreement.
[Tue 12:53:48] <m4nu>	Topic: University Credits
[Tue 12:54:03] <m4nu>	Mark said: In the fall, Louisa started at Achievement University and begins taking courses.  As Louisa finishes courses the credit is accumulatedon her AU transcript.
[Tue 12:54:42] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Question for Mark, is internal system issuing credential to Louisa internally?
[Tue 12:55:02] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Or they can issue wherever Louisa's identity provider. Is a credential actually being issued or not?
[Tue 12:55:13] <SunnyLee>	Mark: She hasn't earned her bachelor's degree yet.
[Tue 12:55:44] <SunnyLee>	Mark: Ed industry is going through a lot of change to competency based credits. Me as Louisa wants to ask my school for a copy of a transcript.
[Tue 12:56:33] <SunnyLee>	Mark: Maybe there are 2 or 3 of these that are related to a new job. Pursuing my degree. Here's some coursework related to those. A work in progress but still same motivation exists to be able to share. Below the degree level at this point.
[Tue 12:56:41] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Tech supports microcredentialing.
[Tue 12:57:03] <SunnyLee>	Manu: There's no limit to that. How is the org want to issue their credentials whether micro or macro.
[Tue 12:57:31] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Final use case
[Tue 12:57:40] <m4nu>	Topic: Bachelor's Degree
[Tue 12:58:38] <m4nu>	Mark said: When finally Louisa receives her bachelor’s degree, she has accumulated academic credentials at two accredited colleges and professional credits at her employer.    Her college and work experience have really complemented each other and now Louisa has the confidence to pursue her Certified Public Accountancy.   As part of Louisa’s application to the CPA program in Exemplar University’s School of International Business, she grants secure, 
[Tue 12:58:38] <m4nu>	limited access to her transcripts and portfolio at CCC, AU and NewCo to the Exemplar admissions officer for consideration.
[Tue 12:58:48] <SunnyLee>	Mark: This is where we're linking other credentials or simply collecting them into a container of credentials for the convience of the recipient. Here's my comm college transcript, here's my undergrad transcript, work products. Collecting everything as part of say application for grad school.
[Tue 12:59:10] <SunnyLee>	Manu: This is really about credential bundling?
[Tue 12:59:32] <SunnyLee>	Dave: We don't need to see it as credential bundling but rather a request for several different credentials.
[Tue 13:00:48] <m4nu>	Topic: Any other use cases?
[Tue 13:01:31] <SunnyLee>	Manu: There were 2 use cases that I added to doc based on US fed reserve comments.
[Tue 13:01:38] <m4nu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/use-cases/#endorsements
[Tue 13:01:41] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Those have to do with endorsements. The ability to endorse, countersign a credential and the ability to have multiple signatures. Chain of signatures that are not dependent on one another.
[Tue 13:02:16] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Composibility was another one Nate said he liked.
[Tue 13:02:31] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Are there any other use cases that should be in here that we may have missed? Sunny, are we covering what Badge Alliance needs out of these use cases?
[Tue 13:02:55] <m4nu>	SunnyLee: Yes, Badge Alliance use cases should be covered by what you have so far.
[Tue 13:03:03] <SunnyLee>	Dave: We can always add more as needed. We've got a pretty good chunk for upcoming meeting at TPAC.
[Tue 13:03:39] <SunnyLee>	Manu: With that we'll shove as much of these changes into the doc. We'll send out for review on mailing list. We'll have another call next week to make sure this contains everything. Will start voting after next week.
[Tue 13:03:44] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Anything else?
[Tue 13:03:44] <taaz>	Nope.
[Tue 13:03:58] <SunnyLee>	Manu: Thanks to everyone! We'll get this document prepped and ready for a vote next week.
[Tue 13:04:02] <voip-cr>	Dave Longley (SIP/6002-000000bc) has left the conference.
[Tue 13:04:02] <voip-cr>	Manu Sporny (SIP/6000-000000bb) has left the conference.
[Tue 13:04:02] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn (SIP/6003-000000bd) has left the conference.
[Tue 13:04:04] <voip-cr>	Sunny (SIP/71.92.196.39:5060-000000ba) has left the conference.
