[2018-05-01T16:00:30.594Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Apr/0094.html
[2018-05-01T16:00:30.594Z]	<heathervescent>	present+ vescent, andrieu, linklater, lodder, shadan, sporny, longley, tallted, codenamedmitri, moses, ChristopherA, dlehn, hughes, otto, burn, bigbluehat, lparker, drummond, chadwick, kezike, kimhd, rgrant, chrisb, lundkvist, identitywoman, gropper, lionel
[2018-05-01T16:04:08.709Z]	<manu>	scribe: rgrant
[2018-05-01T16:04:08.709Z]	<manu>	Chair: andrieu, kimhd, christophera
[2018-05-01T16:04:37.402Z]	<rgrant>	Topic: Reintroductions
[2018-05-01T16:05:24.259Z]	<rgrant>	achughes: Independent.  editing standards, mostly at ISO and ?  Tracking SSI.  Looking forward to contributing more to the standards process
[2018-05-01T16:04:37.402Z]	<rgrant>	Topic: Action Items
[2018-05-01T16:05:44.729Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-05-01T16:06:02.228Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu:    1. Consensus May 14-16 in NYC      2. MYDATA 2018 August 29-31 Helsinki, Finland      3. Summer DID/VC Outreach - target date?
[2018-05-01T16:06:18.400Z]	<manu>	voip: noise?
[2018-05-01T16:06:49.246Z]	<achughes>	achughes: Contributing to identity and privacy standards at ISO and ITU-T - looking forward to contributing to VC and DID standards
[2018-05-01T16:07:10.372Z]	<rgrant>	ACTION: JoeAndrieu to pick target date for outreach hackathon.
[2018-05-01T16:07:19.807Z]	<dmitriz>	I'll be at MyData, fwiw
[2018-05-01T16:07:24.412Z]	<manu>	voip: 0034 is bigbluehat
[2018-05-01T16:07:49.570Z]	<ChristopherA>	voip: connections
[2018-05-01T16:07:51.007Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Adrian will be on a panel on interoperability
[2018-05-01T16:07:54.003Z]	<kimhd>	re Helsinki: likely no progress to report; I haven't seen any discussion about the panel
[2018-05-01T16:07:54.603Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: Adrian will also be on an interoperability panel at MyData
[2018-05-01T16:08:10.128Z]	<ChristopherA>	voip: 030 is Christopher Allen
[2018-05-01T16:08:52.443Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: registry process.  issue #6.2
[2018-05-01T16:08:53.511Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-05-01T16:09:11.482Z]	<rgrant>	manu: process is github pull request results in community discussion.
[2018-05-01T16:09:22.706Z]	<rgrant>	manu: you want more of a write-up?
[2018-05-01T16:09:25.220Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: yup
[2018-05-01T16:09:35.741Z]	<rgrant>	... as lightweight as possible
[2018-05-01T16:09:49.122Z]	<rgrant>	manu: will eventually propose more in that issue
[2018-05-01T16:10:08.720Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: we need more signposts to this registry, to avoid future complaints
[2018-05-01T16:10:28.148Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: will introduce a BTCR registry, due to blockchain magic value.
[2018-05-01T16:11:08.682Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: there's only 22 spaces available.  Proposed filter: have a working version of your blockchain and method before entering our registry.
[2018-05-01T16:11:32.228Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: moving to work items
[2018-05-01T16:11:50.042Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-05-01T16:11:55.702Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-05-01T16:12:08.085Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: got his point in
[2018-05-01T16:13:18.732Z]	<rgrant>	kimhd: there was a question (or action item) abotu a registry thing, and maybe JWT?
[2018-05-01T16:13:33.784Z]	<rgrant>	manu: it was maybe JWK
[2018-05-01T16:14:05.023Z]	<rgrant>	mike-lodder: must have been someone else asking for that
[2018-05-01T16:14:20.582Z]	<rgrant>	manu: it was the uPort folks who had this question.
[2018-05-01T16:14:37.095Z]	<rgrant>	ChristianLundkvist: MSFT also interested in this.  and ?? folks
[2018-05-01T16:14:52.321Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: the question started confusing.
[2018-05-01T16:15:17.781Z]	<rgrant>	kimhd: we have found the action item.  possibly assignable to ChristianLundkvist and Daniel?
[2018-05-01T16:15:34.311Z]	<rgrant>	ChristianLundkvist: can we use current JWK specifications for key descriptions.
[2018-05-01T16:15:41.811Z]	<rgrant>	manu: yes you can, but you have to write a spec for it.
[2018-05-01T16:16:05.267Z]	<rgrant>	manu: we don't have the LD-key registry anymore, we have a crypto-suite registry.
[2018-05-01T16:16:39.265Z]	<kimhd>	ACTION: ChristianLundkvist and DanBuchner specify use of JWK for key descriptions.
[2018-05-01T16:16:41.393Z]	<rgrant>	manu: push this through IETF <and two more items on your plate>
[2018-05-01T16:18:21.681Z]	<manu>	TODO items for uPort: 1. Create a spec that demonstrates how you express a JWK using a LD Cryptosuite.
[2018-05-01T16:18:41.490Z]	<manu>	TODO items for uPort: 2. Create a spec that demonstrates how you express a Verifiable Credential as a JWT.
[2018-05-01T16:19:01.112Z]	<manu>	TODO items for uPort: 3. Implementations and test suites for those specs.
[2018-05-01T16:19:30.845Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: call for other work items
[2018-05-01T16:19:56.883Z]	<rgrant>	Lionel: data minimization work moving forward
[2018-05-01T16:20:02.173Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-05-01T16:20:11.532Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: Amira status?
[2018-05-01T16:20:32.090Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: some progress.  halfway with final edits.  something coming net week.
[2018-05-01T16:20:48.367Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-05-01T16:20:49.413Z]	<dmitriz>	*mike-lodder: the spec can mention recommended algorithms, re jwk.*
[2018-05-01T16:21:03.002Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: after buyoff from authors, we'll gather consensus here.
[2018-05-01T16:21:17.761Z]	<agropper>	present+ Adrian Gropper but connection is spotty on the subway
[2018-05-01T16:21:21.722Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: mute 03b
[2018-05-01T16:21:48.281Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: we have a DID spec!
[2018-05-01T16:22:06.067Z]	<mike-lodder>	dmitriz, yes and they must be carefully chosen to not introduce vulnerabilities, I personally would choose Fernet instead
[2018-05-01T16:22:02.244Z]	<manu>	Topic: DID Working Group Transition
[2018-05-01T16:22:18.804Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: next milestone: getting the work transitioned to a stanards working group, whether W3C or somewhere else.  there are 8 items.
[2018-05-01T16:22:34.492Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: manu how do you see the schedule going?
[2018-05-01T16:22:40.721Z]	<rgrant>	manu: needs to be done in 90 days.
[2018-05-01T16:22:51.967Z]	<rgrant>	manu: it's a rough accelerated schedule
[2018-05-01T16:23:09.691Z]	<rgrant>	manu: we'll need lots of volunteers to move this stuff forward in parallel.
[2018-05-01T16:23:21.563Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	90 days = ~Aug 1
[2018-05-01T16:23:35.314Z]	<rgrant>	manu: the reason is that manu things have lead-time to prepare for conferences liek TPAC
[2018-05-01T16:23:57.292Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: let's go through and do a brief introduction and call for volunteers
[2018-05-01T16:24:18.542Z]	<rgrant>	 8. DID Working Group Transition (35 min)      1. DID Charter      2. Use Cases      3. Demonstration of Support      4. Technical Architecture Review      5. Privacy Review      6. DID Primer      7. DID Test Suite      8. Deployments
[2018-05-01T16:24:50.261Z]	<bigbluehat>	Here's an example in-progress Charter for the forthcoming JSON-LD WG https://json-ld.github.io/charter/
[2018-05-01T16:25:13.381Z]	<rgrant>	manu: if you want to learn how we do things, feel free to jump into the charter process.
[2018-05-01T16:25:19.014Z]	<rgrant>	manu: questions?
[2018-05-01T16:25:24.789Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: names so far?
[2018-05-01T16:25:31.008Z]	<rgrant>	manu: um, mine.
[2018-05-01T16:25:59.561Z]	<rgrant>	burn: today's a bad day for me to try to commit, but in a couple weeks i may be more available
[2018-05-01T16:26:18.635Z]	<rgrant>	manu: we're going to try to cut use cases down to four
[2018-05-01T16:26:26.015Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: i'll put my name on that
[2018-05-01T16:26:27.861Z]	<heathervescent>	q+
[2018-05-01T16:26:40.430Z]	<manu>	ack heathervescent
[2018-05-01T16:27:02.789Z]	<rgrant>	heathervescent: a while back we talked about "CCG Stories" how does that relate to DID use cases?
[2018-05-01T16:27:07.142Z]	<rgrant>	manu: not much at all
[2018-05-01T16:27:29.791Z]	<ChristianLundkvist>	I need to drop off to another call, cheers!
[2018-05-01T16:27:34.143Z]	<rgrant>	manu: Use cases tend to be things that we've achieved.
[2018-05-01T16:28:16.083Z]	<bigbluehat>	here's an example of from the (now completed) Digital Publishing Interest Groups Use Cases document https://www.w3.org/TR/pwp-ucr/#unique-identifier
[2018-05-01T16:28:30.804Z]	<rgrant>	heathervescent: i've seen this process before, and i understand why we have to be clear like that from a technical testing model, but i think there's a limitation on these use cases from a human centric interaction model.  how should we resolve those two things?
[2018-05-01T16:28:44.585Z]	<rgrant>	heathervescent: i want to work on the stuff that bridges those two things
[2018-05-01T16:28:49.966Z]	<bigbluehat>	q+
[2018-05-01T16:29:09.148Z]	<rgrant>	heathervescent: use cases are going to miss a bunch of stuff
[2018-05-01T16:29:27.804Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack bigbluehat
[2018-05-01T16:30:09.113Z]	<heathervescent>	These are great @bigbluehat
[2018-05-01T16:30:14.524Z]	<rgrant>	bigbluehat: Digital Publishing Interest Groups Use Cases include lots of stories and useage examples that try to distill the stories down to a requirement.
[2018-05-01T16:30:39.005Z]	<rgrant>	bigbluehat: it has to have its own identification as well as each of its parts
[2018-05-01T16:31:02.604Z]	<rgrant>	bigbluehat: as well as howevermany stories are needed to become a requirement
[2018-05-01T16:31:27.129Z]	<rgrant>	manu: there are two worlds here: the stuff that W3C membership needs to see
[2018-05-01T16:31:58.229Z]	<rgrant>	manu: but each submission creates a commitment.  the less we write of these, the better off we tend to be.
[2018-05-01T16:32:20.512Z]	<heathervescent>	q+
[2018-05-01T16:32:33.227Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack heathervescent
[2018-05-01T16:33:11.792Z]	<rgrant>	heathervescent: thank you for the explanation, manu.  how can we move forward including these concerns and mitigate the risks you're bringing up?
[2018-05-01T16:33:19.350Z]	<rgrant>	manu: it's an iterative process.
[2018-05-01T16:33:24.688Z]	<achughes>	Can we use the CCG to collect the user stories?
[2018-05-01T16:33:47.651Z]	<achughes>	That way we can keep the use cases for the WG clean and focused
[2018-05-01T16:33:59.461Z]	<rgrant>	manu: if something is achievable, we'll try to address it.  if it's a liability for the group, then we'll identify that.
[2018-05-01T16:34:04.103Z]	<rgrant>	manu: it's a process.
[2018-05-01T16:34:17.114Z]	<heathervescent>	q+
[2018-05-01T16:34:28.652Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack heathervescent
[2018-05-01T16:34:40.589Z]	<rgrant>	heathervescent: that's acceptable to me.  i just want to see us not forget this point.  just stating the obvious.
[2018-05-01T16:34:57.561Z]	<rgrant>	manu: thank you heathervescent, noted.  other questions?
[2018-05-01T16:35:23.067Z]	<rgrant>	manu: #3 is demonstration of support.  W3C cares about other W3C members wanting this work.
[2018-05-01T16:35:47.281Z]	<rgrant>	manu: they care about big organizations, but fundamentally it's W3C membership that does the vote.
[2018-05-01T16:36:11.015Z]	<rgrant>	manu: so we'll look for 35-50 organizations informally supporting it.
[2018-05-01T16:36:36.161Z]	<rgrant>	manu: this will require the chairs to drum up support "pick up phones and knock on doors" ;)
[2018-05-01T16:36:39.882Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2018-05-01T16:36:48.623Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: any names to add here?
[2018-05-01T16:36:53.652Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack kimhd
[2018-05-01T16:37:29.101Z]	<rgrant>	kimhd: main question here is who the big organizations are (not clear yet).  we can talk about it offline.
[2018-05-01T16:37:50.950Z]	<rgrant>	manu: usually you want big keystone corporations.  we have some ideas who those might be.
[2018-05-01T16:37:59.743Z]	<rgrant>	manu: it's for the chairs, plus me.
[2018-05-01T16:38:24.611Z]	<rgrant>	manu: there will be a question as to who's going to chair this group.
[2018-05-01T16:38:38.562Z]	<rgrant>	manu: one of the multinationals will want a chair position, probably.
[2018-05-01T16:38:51.841Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: that will be a part of the charter?
[2018-05-01T16:38:58.865Z]	<rgrant>	manu: yes.
[2018-05-01T16:39:18.350Z]	<rgrant>	manu: #4 and #5 is the "technical architecture group"
[2018-05-01T16:39:41.809Z]	<rgrant>	manu: and the "privacy interest group", who is ready to do a review.
[2018-05-01T16:39:53.243Z]	<rgrant>	manu: we need to get the spec finalized before we hand it over to them.
[2018-05-01T16:40:17.662Z]	<rgrant>	manu: up to the editors to finish and up to the chairs to request the reviews at the appropriate time.
[2018-05-01T16:40:33.464Z]	<rgrant>	manu: #6 is the primer, which is done thanks to drummond .
[2018-05-01T16:40:52.507Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: can we get a name s to who's going to turn that in to spec-techs (?)
[2018-05-01T16:41:16.188Z]	<achughes>	q+
[2018-05-01T16:41:16.223Z]	<rgrant>	manu: it would be great if someone other than drummond or manu could take that on.
[2018-05-01T16:41:24.453Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack achughes
[2018-05-01T16:41:28.301Z]	<rgrant>	drummond: yes, it would be great to see someone else step up to this.
[2018-05-01T16:41:32.809Z]	<dmitriz>	*are there decent tutorials on the re-spec format?*
[2018-05-01T16:41:34.622Z]	<rgrant>	achughes: what's the deadline?
[2018-05-01T16:41:37.801Z]	<rgrant>	manu: end of summer
[2018-05-01T16:41:58.763Z]	<rgrant>	achughes: i'm willing to take that on, noting that i'm busy until mid-May
[2018-05-01T16:42:09.811Z]	<rgrant>	manu: wrapping it up by mid-June seems reasonable.
[2018-05-01T16:42:23.725Z]	<rgrant>	achughes: will reach out for more instructions and guidance
[2018-05-01T16:42:24.601Z]	<burn>	Again, I will likely also be available in the same time frame
[2018-05-01T16:42:39.661Z]	<rgrant>	manu: the test suite isn't absolutely required
[2018-05-01T16:43:02.513Z]	<rgrant>	manu: (#7)  it would be good for us to have our ducks in a row
[2018-05-01T16:43:46.612Z]	<rgrant>	manu: this would be something like various DID Documents feeding through a test suite with green checkmarks
[2018-05-01T16:44:07.887Z]	<rgrant>	manu: we may be able to leverage some of the verifiable claims test suite as well.
[2018-05-01T16:44:19.641Z]	<rgrant>	q+  i may be able to help
[2018-05-01T16:44:28.767Z]	<kimhd>	I'm debating whether I can do this or work on it with someone
[2018-05-01T16:44:33.947Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack rgrant
[2018-05-01T16:44:42.829Z]	<lparker>	Same.
[2018-05-01T16:44:47.082Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	rgrant: I'd love to work with Kim on this
[2018-05-01T16:44:47.885Z]	<manu>	rgrant: I may be able to work on this with Kim and lparker.
[2018-05-01T16:44:56.566Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	... if Markus is available as well, he's well positioned
[2018-05-01T16:45:05.407Z]	<kimhd>	He's not but I was thinking that too
[2018-05-01T16:45:23.181Z]	<lparker>	Yep
[2018-05-01T16:46:16.428Z]	<rgrant>	manu: we position ourselves best if we can demonstrate that this stuff is being deployed and used out there.  the most common response to a charter is "who's using it, and why is this the right time to standardize"
[2018-05-01T16:46:35.461Z]	<rgrant>	manu: the goldilocks period is flexibility with active work ongoing.
[2018-05-01T16:47:00.461Z]	<rgrant>	manu: if we have three organizations that are deploying in production, we are well positioned
[2018-05-01T16:47:23.224Z]	<rgrant>	manu: deployments help with large organizations jumping in and trying to take control
[2018-05-01T16:47:51.231Z]	<rgrant>	manu: as long as we go in as a group, those kinds of bombs don't have a lot of effect.
[2018-05-01T16:48:20.562Z]	<rgrant>	manu: if we're not interoperating, then those bombs have more effect, and W3C management freaks out.
[2018-05-01T16:48:36.503Z]	<rgrant>	manu: that's why test suites and deployment are so important.
[2018-05-01T16:49:18.541Z]	<rgrant>	manu: Evernym, Sovrin, Veres One, maybe uPort, and we dont' know where BTCR is with DID Documents.
[2018-05-01T16:49:49.685Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: call for someone to manage the spreadsheet of interactions
[2018-05-01T16:50:09.092Z]	<rgrant>	lparker, achughes: are interested
[2018-05-01T16:50:28.701Z]	<rgrant>	manu: timeline review
[2018-05-01T16:50:35.571Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	s/lparker,/lionel_wolberger/
[2018-05-01T16:50:39.926Z]	<rgrant>	manu: DID spec is blocking reviews
[2018-05-01T16:50:53.081Z]	<drummond>	I am ready to put time in on the DID spec this week.
[2018-05-01T16:51:08.781Z]	<drummond>	Yes, I am planning time with Manu TODAY.
[2018-05-01T16:51:10.953Z]	<rgrant>	manu: next is charter and use cases
[2018-05-01T16:51:17.661Z]	<rgrant>	manu: DID spec by end of may
[2018-05-01T16:51:25.148Z]	<rgrant>	manu: charter and use cases by end of June
[2018-05-01T16:51:30.955Z]	<rgrant>	manu: then kick off reviews
[2018-05-01T16:51:51.632Z]	<rgrant>	manu: correction: charter and primer by end of June
[2018-05-01T16:51:59.825Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	deadline for Charter, Use Cases, and Primer: end of June
[2018-05-01T16:52:17.901Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-05-01T16:53:02.332Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: manu, any recommendations for end of next week?
[2018-05-01T16:53:14.961Z]	<rgrant>	manu: maybe narrowing down use cases
[2018-05-01T16:53:32.580Z]	<rgrant>	manu: and definitely DID spec work, then charter the week after that
[2018-05-01T16:53:52.405Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: is on the hook for leading use case conversation next week
[2018-05-01T16:54:18.613Z]	<achughes>	@JoeAndrieu should check in with BC Gov to talk use cases - jjordan etc
[2018-05-01T16:54:49.007Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: we've inherited all the data verification of the ? specs as well
[2018-05-01T16:55:09.502Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: any thoughts on when we can do custom verifiable credentials?
[2018-05-01T16:55:36.450Z]	<rgrant>	ChristopherA: this is gating things to try, since other test beds aren't suitable at the moment.
[2018-05-01T16:55:40.013Z]	<rgrant>	manu: working on it
[2018-05-01T16:55:54.806Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-05-01T16:55:56.782Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: we'll put these names down and follow up in weeks to come.
[2018-05-01T16:56:04.280Z]	<rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: that's a wrap.

