[2019-01-08T17:00:51.849Z]	<manu>	voip: noise?
[2019-01-08T17:00:57.718Z]	<manu>	voip: noise?
[2019-01-08T17:01:17.218Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-01-08T17:01:21.194Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+ Christopher_Allen
[2019-01-08T17:01:27.120Z]	<samchase>	present+
[2019-01-08T17:01:29.566Z]	<dlongley>	present+ Dave_Longley
[2019-01-08T17:01:32.078Z]	<wip>	present + Will Abramson
[2019-01-08T17:01:51.877Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2019-01-08T17:01:52.216Z]	<achughes>	present+ Andrew Hughes
[2019-01-08T17:01:53.356Z]	<agropper>	present+ Adrian_Gropper
[2019-01-08T17:02:02.042Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2019-01-08T17:02:05.774Z]	<TallTed>	present+ Ted_Thibodeau
[2019-01-08T17:02:08.508Z]	<jonnycrunch>	present+
[2019-01-08T17:02:13.380Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2019-01-08T17:02:13.434Z]	<burn>	present+
[2019-01-08T17:02:59.189Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+ Markus_Sabadello
[2019-01-08T17:03:09.756Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/Credentials%20Community%20Group%202018%20WBS.2.pdf
[2019-01-08T17:03:28.901Z]	<heathervescent>	Thanks Joe
[2019-01-08T17:03:48.275Z]	<wip>	Hi all, I am struggling to connect through linphone. It just kicks me out straight away. Anyone know what I might be doing wrong? Thanks
[2019-01-08T17:03:51.843Z]	<lparker>	present+
[2019-01-08T17:05:33.214Z]	<Isaac>	present+ Isaac Patka
[2019-01-08T17:05:44.376Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ JoeAndrieu
[2019-01-08T17:06:12.623Z]	<manu>	scribe: ken
[2019-01-08T17:06:20.395Z]	<ken>	present+ Ken
[2019-01-08T17:06:41.616Z]	<ken>	joe:please indicate you are present
[2019-01-08T17:06:49.461Z]	<kimhd>	scribe: ken
[2019-01-08T17:06:57.005Z]	<wip>	Thanks, I will sign up now. I am ubuntu but probably the same issues
[2019-01-08T17:07:04.201Z]	<ken>	vaughanemery: founder of data security company
[2019-01-08T17:07:21.436Z]	<ken>	.. recent joined this group
[2019-01-08T17:07:51.346Z]	<ken>	joe: reintroduction?
[2019-01-08T17:08:24.743Z]	<kimhd>	topic: Introductions and Re-introductions
[2019-01-08T17:09:01.566Z]	<ken>	.. I'm Joe Andrieu. I am involved in RWoT and have a consulting company involved in identity
[2019-01-08T17:09:01.666Z]	<kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Jan/0045.html
[2019-01-08T17:09:15.015Z]	<ken>	Topic: Announcements
[2019-01-08T17:09:37.147Z]	<ken>	RWoT in going to be Mar 1-3 in Barcelona
[2019-01-08T17:09:54.085Z]	<ken>	joe: Feb 28 meetup
[2019-01-08T17:09:57.337Z]	<manu>	q+ to note VCWG meeting
[2019-01-08T17:10:02.155Z]	<ken>	.. Dinner on the last night
[2019-01-08T17:10:18.637Z]	<ken>	.. IIW following in April
[2019-01-08T17:10:43.021Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-08T17:10:47.737Z]	<ken>	heather: Survey on end of year, why you participate. Please take the survey!
[2019-01-08T17:11:08.816Z]	<ken>	.. Survey open until the end of the month.
[2019-01-08T17:11:25.677Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/CCGList
[2019-01-08T17:11:34.819Z]	<ken>	.. Do we all read the list? Is there a better way to communicate this information?
[2019-01-08T17:12:03.200Z]	<ken>	.. How do we reach all those who are involved?
[2019-01-08T17:12:27.657Z]	<ken>	??: Can we send out a link?
[2019-01-08T17:12:29.821Z]	<kimhd>	q+ for web site rearrangement announcement
[2019-01-08T17:12:48.205Z]	<ken>	heather: I am happy to send out a link.
[2019-01-08T17:12:48.397Z]	<samchase>	i think it's a good idea to get the survey to everyone
[2019-01-08T17:12:55.697Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-01-08T17:13:20.825Z]	<ken>	manu: Thanks for the survey and trying to getting inclusive input.
[2019-01-08T17:13:39.445Z]	<heathervescent>	That makes sense Manu.
[2019-01-08T17:13:43.077Z]	<ken>	.. We can't get access to the mailing list (GDPR).
[2019-01-08T17:13:56.827Z]	<ken>	.. Tweeks and linkedin might help.
[2019-01-08T17:14:43.775Z]	<ken>	.. Today VCWG face to face right after RWoT in Barcelona. Guests will be invited.
[2019-01-08T17:14:53.921Z]	<ken>	.. IP rules need to be followed.
[2019-01-08T17:15:21.648Z]	<ken>	.. If you want to attend, get in touch with Dan B or Matt Stone immediately.
[2019-01-08T17:15:28.699Z]	<rgrant>	present+
[2019-01-08T17:15:43.176Z]	<burn>	This is Dan B.  I will send an email to the CCG list announcing the city and dates.
[2019-01-08T17:15:54.496Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-08T17:15:56.259Z]	<heathervescent>	What are those dates?
[2019-01-08T17:16:00.648Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack kimhd
[2019-01-08T17:16:02.619Z]	<burn>	March 4-5
[2019-01-08T17:16:05.675Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/
[2019-01-08T17:16:34.336Z]	<ken>	kim: We have some updates to the CCG site. Cleanup of documents and instructions.
[2019-01-08T17:17:13.394Z]	<ken>	.. There is training for how to scribe. How to help instructions. Other how-to's.
[2019-01-08T17:17:22.378Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-08T17:17:28.625Z]	<ken>	joe: thank you, kim.
[2019-01-08T17:17:39.341Z]	<ken>	Topic: Action items
[2019-01-08T17:17:47.136Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/labels/action%3A%20review%20next
[2019-01-08T17:18:33.678Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action%3A+ccg%22
[2019-01-08T17:18:35.862Z]	<ken>	joe: first item is assigned to the chairs.
[2019-01-08T17:18:56.396Z]	<ken>	.. Second item: Kim you reviewed this?
[2019-01-08T17:19:38.548Z]	<ken>	kim: yes, I think everyone is on board to include the DID resolver as a working group item.
[2019-01-08T17:19:56.038Z]	<ken>	.. The repo already exists. Put it in review next queue.
[2019-01-08T17:20:01.619Z]	<ken>	joe: Sound goods.
[2019-01-08T17:20:02.127Z]	<manu>	q+ to ask about Multibase, Multihash, Hashlink specs.
[2019-01-08T17:20:22.695Z]	<ken>	.. DID explainer: Dan and Joe will follow up.
[2019-01-08T17:20:50.140Z]	<ken>	Andrew: Not started yet, but will get going soon. Target F2F.
[2019-01-08T17:21:02.907Z]	<Isaac>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/28#issuecomment-450777534
[2019-01-08T17:21:12.105Z]	<burn>	Yes, thank you for the review!!!
[2019-01-08T17:21:14.641Z]	<dlongley>	+1
[2019-01-08T17:21:21.224Z]	<ken>	Isaac: I'm new but I'll review.
[2019-01-08T17:21:48.840Z]	<ken>	rgrant: I'm reviewing my status with W3C.
[2019-01-08T17:22:35.304Z]	<ken>	TOPIC: Work items
[2019-01-08T17:22:35.650Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action%3A+work+items%22
[2019-01-08T17:22:37.295Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-08T17:22:41.266Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-01-08T17:23:00.706Z]	<kimhd>	+1 to MultiX items
[2019-01-08T17:23:04.678Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	present+
[2019-01-08T17:23:13.779Z]	<ken>	manu: I'm adding issues for multi-hash; multi-link as proposed work items.
[2019-01-08T17:23:16.795Z]	<jonnycrunch>	+1
[2019-01-08T17:23:36.248Z]	<ken>	joe: update to crypto suite for COSE
[2019-01-08T17:23:57.339Z]	<ken>	manu: we are updating to CO
[2019-01-08T17:24:02.241Z]	<ken>	SE
[2019-01-08T17:24:35.905Z]	<ken>	.. This should make the proposal to handle ZKP and JWT easier.
[2019-01-08T17:24:37.575Z]	<jonnycrunch>	+10 for COSE
[2019-01-08T17:24:44.302Z]	<ken>	Joe: DID resolver?
[2019-01-08T17:24:54.726Z]	<dmitriz>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-resolution/
[2019-01-08T17:25:14.119Z]	<ken>	kim: I am taking the action item to move this forward. I will review next steps.
[2019-01-08T17:25:29.777Z]	<ken>	joe: Chairs will review  on Friday.
[2019-01-08T17:25:55.245Z]	<ken>	manu: COSE replaces JOSE largely. This is a mapping. Some one should be assigned.
[2019-01-08T17:25:58.683Z]	<ken>	joe: Ok
[2019-01-08T17:26:17.894Z]	<ken>	.. VERES1 method spec?
[2019-01-08T17:26:26.609Z]	<ken>	manu: not quite ready.
[2019-01-08T17:26:33.862Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action%3A+chairs%22
[2019-01-08T17:26:41.879Z]	<ken>	joe: Chair action issues???
[2019-01-08T17:27:03.816Z]	<ken>	Christopher: We are working hard in the background.
[2019-01-08T17:27:16.355Z]	<ken>	Joe: CCG process is me!
[2019-01-08T17:27:27.196Z]	<ken>	.. Editors list?
[2019-01-08T17:27:43.808Z]	<kimhd>	q+ for done items
[2019-01-08T17:27:49.582Z]	<ken>	Christopher: We need to go through repos and make sure that the editors are current.
[2019-01-08T17:27:57.549Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack kimhd
[2019-01-08T17:28:05.207Z]	<ken>	.. Editors should be able to edit it.
[2019-01-08T17:28:12.196Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+chairs%22+is%3Aclosed
[2019-01-08T17:28:40.695Z]	<ken>	kim: The closed issues include scribe and attendees update.
[2019-01-08T17:29:08.420Z]	<ken>	.. Code owners for commmunity group owners. Added.
[2019-01-08T17:29:27.899Z]	<ken>	.. The primary on the work item should be the code owner.
[2019-01-08T17:29:52.248Z]	<ken>	.. Github will auto assign new issues to the code owners.
[2019-01-08T17:30:09.361Z]	<ken>	.. Contact me with any questions.
[2019-01-08T17:30:26.705Z]	<ken>	.. The polyfill repo was ambiguous.
[2019-01-08T17:30:38.645Z]	<manu>	q+ to ask about Credential Handler Polyfill
[2019-01-08T17:30:48.516Z]	<ken>	joe: Other open issues.
[2019-01-08T17:31:07.216Z]	<ken>	Christopher: Invite Andrew Poelstra to speak -- working on it
[2019-01-08T17:31:29.169Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+no%3Alabel
[2019-01-08T17:31:34.475Z]	<ken>	kim: Review of other work items should be kept open.
[2019-01-08T17:31:46.016Z]	<ken>	joe: Any unlabeled issues?
[2019-01-08T17:32:09.887Z]	<ken>	.. Manu added a bunch! These are all chair items.
[2019-01-08T17:32:28.316Z]	<ken>	kim: We need to decide if they really are work items.
[2019-01-08T17:32:50.836Z]	<ken>	Christopher: First there should be a proposal, then a review.
[2019-01-08T17:33:11.843Z]	<ken>	joe: Can I assign Christopher to work on this?
[2019-01-08T17:33:48.947Z]	<ken>	Christopher: Yes. Please tag them so we can clearly identify them and what stage they are in.
[2019-01-08T17:34:14.135Z]	<ken>	joe: Correlation and privacy of DID, Kim?
[2019-01-08T17:34:34.755Z]	<achughes>	@heathervescent I see the boilerplate for letting people know about the Survey - would it be OK for me to post this to my LinkedIn? Or should I limit this to a more targetted list of people that I know are actually in the domain?
[2019-01-08T17:34:38.618Z]	<ken>	kim: Ryan and Lionel mentioned interest in the topic.
[2019-01-08T17:34:55.964Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/44
[2019-01-08T17:35:02.984Z]	<ken>	joe: Can you be the owner, Lionel?
[2019-01-08T17:35:44.582Z]	<ken>	Lionel: Can you describe the task offline, joe or Kim?
[2019-01-08T17:35:59.126Z]	<ken>	Joe: Kim will you handle this?
[2019-01-08T17:36:04.778Z]	<rgrant>	Lionel, I think the issue is that nobody has proved that DIDs reduce correlatability of PII leaks.  You and I apparently both said this is important and we're willing to think about it.
[2019-01-08T17:36:33.704Z]	<ken>	Christopher: If you know you want to handle tasks in our repo, we can add you using your github name.
[2019-01-08T17:36:35.807Z]	<heathervescent>	ahughes: that's a good question... I have mixed feeling about broader sharing of the survey on Twitter and LI. This particular survey was designed to give feedback on the CCG directly... I am concerned if a lot of responses come in from people who are *not* part of the CCG would bias the data.
[2019-01-08T17:36:52.017Z]	<ken>	joe: Security model of DID? I could take this.
[2019-01-08T17:37:03.881Z]	<ken>	Kim: Either ryan or lionel could help.
[2019-01-08T17:37:11.743Z]	<heathervescent>	ahughes: I do think there is value in gathering broader information from a broader audience, but I would have designed the survey differently in that case, and I would have also asked where they heard about the survey...
[2019-01-08T17:37:32.417Z]	<heathervescent>	q+
[2019-01-08T17:37:36.563Z]	<ken>	joe: I assigned Christopher.
[2019-01-08T17:37:58.362Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-01-08T17:38:00.218Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-08T17:38:02.168Z]	<ken>	.. These all have owners. Please tag them appropriately.
[2019-01-08T17:38:28.935Z]	<dlongley>	spec repo: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/credential-handler-api
[2019-01-08T17:38:29.009Z]	<ken>	Manu: Kim, you mentioned something about the DID repo for the spec?
[2019-01-08T17:38:31.439Z]	<heathervescent>	ahughes: Maybe it would make sense to do a separate survey for broader distribution for more general feedback. (And this is something I can do as well). It could include similar questions, but would be designed differently.
[2019-01-08T17:38:35.267Z]	<achughes>	@heathervescent OK - I will forward the Survey link only directlly to people that I know are close enough to the CCG to be in scope for the survey
[2019-01-08T17:38:58.879Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/credential-handler-api
[2019-01-08T17:38:59.121Z]	<ken>	Christopher: It's in another repo. Who should own it and advance it.
[2019-01-08T17:39:04.320Z]	<ken>	Manu: It is a CCG repo.
[2019-01-08T17:39:11.204Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+chairs%22+is%3Aclosed
[2019-01-08T17:39:28.281Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/11
[2019-01-08T17:39:31.528Z]	<burn>	voip: noise?
[2019-01-08T17:39:38.727Z]	<ken>	joe: The polyfill issue?
[2019-01-08T17:39:44.459Z]	<kimhd>	dlongley said it was here: https://github.com/digitalbazaar/credential-handler-polyfill
[2019-01-08T17:39:48.258Z]	<kimhd>	(in the issue)
[2019-01-08T17:39:54.144Z]	<ken>	Manu: I am now confused as well.
[2019-01-08T17:40:24.027Z]	<ken>	.. The credential handler is an implementation. It doesn't matter to me where it resides.
[2019-01-08T17:41:04.515Z]	<ken>	Christopher: Is there a more browser oriented group that should host this? We have no clear process for this type of item.
[2019-01-08T17:41:42.315Z]	<ken>	Manu: Progress is being made. Many companies are using the polyfill, but no one else is hosting the work.
[2019-01-08T17:41:56.435Z]	<ken>	Christopher: Is the spec going to change?
[2019-01-08T17:42:02.181Z]	<ken>	Manu: No
[2019-01-08T17:42:26.135Z]	<rgrant>	sounds like "alpha"
[2019-01-08T17:42:49.269Z]	<ken>	Christopher: Can we create a category for items that are stalled waiting for a change in state.
[2019-01-08T17:43:14.787Z]	<ken>	Manu: There is active code work, but no much current work concerning the spec.
[2019-01-08T17:43:25.334Z]	<ken>	Joe: Manu, I'll let you handle this.
[2019-01-08T17:43:30.276Z]	<ken>	Manu: OK
[2019-01-08T17:43:35.486Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-08T17:43:43.098Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack heathervescent
[2019-01-08T17:44:12.902Z]	<ken>	heather: I wanted to bring up whether we could share the survey with linkedin?
[2019-01-08T17:44:21.377Z]	<manu>	We should keep it to the group and people that engage w/ CCG
[2019-01-08T17:44:35.500Z]	<manu>	(doesn't help to get input from people that haven't been involved)
[2019-01-08T17:44:56.584Z]	<ken>	.. I designed the survey with the CCG community in mind. Some questions are relevant to the outside, but some are CCG specific.
[2019-01-08T17:45:45.198Z]	<ken>	.. We have 27 responses right now, if we get 50 new responses from outside the CCG community the data might become unclear.
[2019-01-08T17:46:07.762Z]	<ken>	.. I'm happy to do a broader survey. Your thoughts?
[2019-01-08T17:46:29.117Z]	<ken>	Christopher: A separate survery would be best.
[2019-01-08T17:46:37.477Z]	<ken>	Manu: +1.
[2019-01-08T17:47:02.879Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1 for keeping the survey focused on participants of the CCG at some level
[2019-01-08T17:47:11.540Z]	<ken>	Christopher: A broader survey, for instance to RWoT.
[2019-01-08T17:48:01.262Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-01-08T17:48:03.206Z]	<ken>	heather: OK. I can some of the questions in a different way to account for the lack of community knowledge.
[2019-01-08T17:48:21.126Z]	<ken>	Christopher: I agree.
[2019-01-08T17:48:40.900Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2019-01-08T17:48:55.016Z]	<ken>	joe: Note to chairs. Action items take more than 10 minutes.
[2019-01-08T17:48:55.360Z]	<rgrant>	just cut it off.  next week start at the part you left off.
[2019-01-08T17:48:57.550Z]	<kimhd>	q-
[2019-01-08T17:49:11.776Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/Credentials%20Community%20Group%202018%20WBS.2.pdf
[2019-01-08T17:49:30.036Z]	<kimhd>	+1 to rgrant. Also, we will get faster over time. We haven't been reviewing status like we should, so there's a lot of debt at the moment
[2019-01-08T17:49:52.087Z]	<ken>	joe: We had 60 tasks at the beginning of 2018. Did we get any of these done? Progress? no progress?
[2019-01-08T17:50:17.246Z]	<ken>	.. Reconciliation draft: done
[2019-01-08T17:50:26.976Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-08T17:50:36.775Z]	<wip>	I haven't really been involved but hope to be throughout this coming year, should I take the survey. Still struggling to connect unfortunately. Will try get sorted for next week
[2019-01-08T17:50:37.485Z]	<ken>	.. test suite: not done
[2019-01-08T17:50:58.317Z]	<ken>	manu: follow same strategy as data model.
[2019-01-08T17:51:31.868Z]	<ken>	joe: Final report = progress
[2019-01-08T17:51:41.978Z]	<ken>	.. polyfill=progress
[2019-01-08T17:52:15.516Z]	<ken>	.. browser/vendor outreach= progress
[2019-01-08T17:52:43.479Z]	<ken>	.. linked data signatures=progress; rsa= progress;
[2019-01-08T17:52:59.164Z]	<ken>	.. linked data capabilities: progress
[2019-01-08T17:53:11.646Z]	<ken>	.. DID auth= discussions
[2019-01-08T17:53:43.628Z]	<ken>	.. final reports for notes: fell off radar
[2019-01-08T17:54:09.297Z]	<kimhd>	q+ questions
[2019-01-08T17:54:09.905Z]	<ken>	.. data minimization= re-spec
[2019-01-08T17:54:43.785Z]	<ken>	.. life cycle=done
[2019-01-08T17:55:01.015Z]	<ken>	.. educational credentials internal draft=progress
[2019-01-08T17:55:33.015Z]	<ken>	.. group process= progress
[2019-01-08T17:56:12.182Z]	<manu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-method-registry/#the-registration-process
[2019-01-08T17:56:15.835Z]	<manu>	We have this, kinda
[2019-01-08T17:56:19.675Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-01-08T17:56:21.089Z]	<ken>	.. registry process definition=progress (ongoing)
[2019-01-08T17:56:43.595Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manue
[2019-01-08T17:56:47.160Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-01-08T17:57:05.197Z]	<ken>	manu: registration process is in each repo= done
[2019-01-08T17:57:18.495Z]	<ken>	.. did method registry=done
[2019-01-08T17:57:37.536Z]	<ken>	.. signature suite registry=some
[2019-01-08T17:57:52.524Z]	<ken>	.. DID implementations=some
[2019-01-08T17:58:02.348Z]	<ken>	.. DID charter=done
[2019-01-08T17:58:28.426Z]	<ken>	joe: new members=progress(ongoing)
[2019-01-08T17:58:37.316Z]	<ken>	.. DID uses cases= progress
[2019-01-08T17:58:47.940Z]	<ken>	.. office hours(none)
[2019-01-08T17:58:59.305Z]	<ken>	.. summer hackathon (none)
[2019-01-08T17:59:04.176Z]	<ken>	TPAC= done
[2019-01-08T17:59:27.055Z]	<ken>	.. DID hardening=done
[2019-01-08T17:59:33.895Z]	<kimhd>	q- questions
[2019-01-08T17:59:47.302Z]	<ken>	.. Amera=progress
[2019-01-08T18:00:04.380Z]	<kimhd>	q+ questions
[2019-01-08T18:00:08.545Z]	<ken>	.. conference call on educational use cases=done
[2019-01-08T18:00:26.009Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-08T18:00:27.002Z]	<ken>	.. please send workitems to chairs
[2019-01-08T18:00:33.669Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/registries-process
[2019-01-08T18:00:34.017Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack questions
[2019-01-08T18:01:39.270Z]	<ken>	kim: registry process, an uber-registry process had a work items. The mailing list had a manu-written item that could suffice if it were put in spec form.
[2019-01-08T18:01:56.836Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-08T18:02:01.901Z]	<ken>	joe: A write up to describe how registries should be done would be helpful.
[2019-01-08T18:02:36.254Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-08T18:02:41.109Z]	<ken>	Christopher: let's describe what we are doing so that it can be included in future consideration.
[2019-01-08T18:02:51.159Z]	<ken>	joe: That concludes our review
[2019-01-08T18:03:13.097Z]	<ken>	Christopher: Next week lets review multi-hash.
[2019-01-08T18:03:13.666Z]	<kimhd>	present+ dlongley, vaughanemery, heathervescent