[Tue 11:04:05] <m4nu>	Agenda: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2014Oct/0023.html
[Tue 11:04:06] <dlongley>	scribe: cmcavoy
[Tue 11:05:30] <cmcavoy>	manu: On agenda today, review credentials cg usecase document. Reminder, it's a draft doc. It will be presented at TPAC. We need to vote on the document. 7 day vote minimum per the charter. Also, need to discuss the roadmap document. 2 other things we may want to talk about, 1) W3C TPAC allocation of time. We have 3 slots at TPAC that we're going to present at. We need to make sure our presentation material has been approved by the community.
[Tue 11:05:31] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn (SIP/6003-00000019) has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:43] <cmcavoy>	manu: anything else to add to the agenda?
[Tue 11:05:43] <dlongley>	Nothing else from me
[Tue 11:05:43] <taaz>	nope.
[Tue 11:05:52] <m4nu>	Topic: W3C TPAC and Credentials CG
[Tue 11:05:57] <cmcavoy>	manu: first up, cover TPAC.
[Tue 11:06:19] <cmcavoy>	manu: announcement coming tomorrow about payments wg discussion at TPAC
[Tue 11:07:05] <cmcavoy>	manu: we're looking for volunteers to spend 5-10 minutes about credentials outside of payments, including the biz case your org has. Any volunteers?
[Tue 11:07:22] <cmcavoy>	bill: would like to present
[Tue 11:07:38] <cmcavoy>	manu: great…will talk about details offline
[Tue 11:07:49] <cmcavoy>	manu: expectation is to create a rough framework for the hour
[Tue 11:08:15] <m4nu>	voip: 334 is SunnyLee
[Tue 11:08:16] <voip-cr>	SunnyLee is now associated with IAX2/diamondcard-334.
[Tue 11:08:16] <cmcavoy>	mary: suggest we also reserve 5 minutes for accreditrust / mary / erik korb
[Tue 11:08:32] <cmcavoy>	mary: to round out issues based on what people are saying
[Tue 11:08:50] <cmcavoy>	manu: sunny / chris, is there a prepared statement about badge alliance?
[Tue 11:09:15] <cmcavoy>	sunny: we'll talk about it and get back to you
[Tue 11:09:39] <cmcavoy>	manu: av facilities are great
[Tue 11:09:41] <cmcavoy>	sunny: cool
[Tue 11:10:01] <cmcavoy>	manu: 1 hour slot on credentials on monday
[Tue 11:10:31] <cmcavoy>	manu: tuesday dedicated slot for credentials cg to meet face to face 11am - 3pm
[Tue 11:10:46] <cmcavoy>	manu: room tbd
[Tue 11:11:01] <cmcavoy>	manu: wednesday, 10k foot overview of credentials for W3C orgs
[Tue 11:11:32] <cmcavoy>	manu: weds overview will include payments as well as credentials
[Tue 11:11:40] <cmcavoy>	manu: room and time on weds tbd
[Tue 11:12:00] <cmcavoy>	manu: TPAC has lots of credentials / payments time allocated.
[Tue 11:12:06] <cmcavoy>	manu: questions about TPAC?
[Tue 11:12:33] <cmcavoy>	manu: next step is putting a slide deck together to present at TPAC.
[Tue 11:12:50] <m4nu>	Topic: Credentials CG Use Cases Review
[Tue 11:13:07] <m4nu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/use-cases/
[Tue 11:13:18] <cmcavoy>	manu: we've taken the use cases / what if's and put it in the document above
[Tue 11:13:49] <cmcavoy>	manu: it's a draft, expect use cases to be added or dropped. use cases will be edited
[Tue 11:14:39] <m4nu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/use-cases/#data-portability
[Tue 11:14:47] <cmcavoy>	manu: doc starts with terminology…then overall design criteria, specifically not use cases, but functionality we want to support over time. things that won't go in the first version, but we'll include down the line, so we don't want to prevent them. first example is data portability.
[Tue 11:15:19] <cmcavoy>	manu: questions on design criteria?
[Tue 11:15:59] <cmcavoy>	bill: i believe the design is general in nature and will be specific over time.
[Tue 11:16:09] <cmcavoy>	manu: any objections to the general approach?
[Tue 11:16:13] <cmcavoy>	mark: i agree with bill
[Tue 11:17:03] <cmcavoy>	manu: having beent hrough this with web payments wg, this approach results in fairly useful use cases. we can look back at the use cases and figure out if we're overstepping our bounds. reason for this approach is that some use cases dont' fit neatly into a use case category
[Tue 11:17:30] <cmcavoy>	manu: anything else about design criteria?
[Tue 11:17:36] <m4nu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/use-cases/#data-portability
[Tue 11:17:58] <cmcavoy>	manu: let's look at the data portability…ensuring credentials can move between different data services
[Tue 11:19:05] <cmcavoy>	manu: does anyone feel that the data portability example isn't the right approach to design criteria?
[Tue 11:19:21] <cmcavoy>	manu: someone who isn't familiar with our work should be able to read the criteria and understand them
[Tue 11:21:53] <cmcavoy>	manu: other criteria, data-rights - annotate credentials to only be used for certain things. legacy-support - make sure we can integrate with older credentialing systems, ie emails / username password combinations. can't assume that the entire web is going to support the credential specs. how does this integrate with legacy systems? flexible-access-controls - access can be provided interactive or non-interactive. example, "i authorize this hospital to retrieve my credentials at any time" reuse-extend-existing-tech - reuse things where we can, only reinvent things when we can't avoid it
[Tue 11:23:01] <cmcavoy>	manu: identifier-alignment came from nate otto, make sure that 2 systems that have nothing to do with each other can align systems on shared data…name & dob, social, etc. if they don't want to use urls as an identifier. legacy system that doesn't want to pull that complexity into their system. how to align db records and user accounts
[Tue 11:23:28] <cmcavoy>	manu: any questions?
[Tue 11:24:05] <cmcavoy>	mary: Seems like a sensible approach.
[Tue 11:24:18] <m4nu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/use-cases/#use-cases
[Tue 11:24:30] <cmcavoy>	manu: jumping to use cases
[Tue 11:24:54] <cmcavoy>	manu: use cases point out general use case, then use examples to show how a specific use case can use it
[Tue 11:25:00] <m4nu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/use-cases/#verifiable-claims
[Tue 11:25:05] <cmcavoy>	manu: verifieable claims is a good place to start
[Tue 11:25:29] <cmcavoy>	manu: reviewing verifiable claims as an example of how a use case is set up
[Tue 11:29:12] <cmcavoy>	manu: questions or comments on use case layout?
[Tue 11:29:29] <cmcavoy>	cmcavoy: general question, is this how all wg / cg's layout use cases?
[Tue 11:30:04] <cmcavoy>	manu: yes and no…it's up to the cg / wg…everyone does it differently
[Tue 11:30:35] <cmcavoy>	manu: the use cases fit the type of work, there isn't a standard way to represent them
[Tue 11:31:43] <cmcavoy>	manu: real question is, once the tech is done, can we look back at the use cases and say definitively that we've acheived the use cases…does anyone feel that if we do the tech work around these use cases, will we know where to stop
[Tue 11:31:54] <cmcavoy>	cmcavoy: that was great, thanks
[Tue 11:32:08] <cmcavoy>	mary: chris, can youg ive us guidance on the appraoch?
[Tue 11:32:36] <dlongley>	chris: I actually like the approach, I was just curious to understand how the W3C works.
[Tue 11:33:11] <m4nu>	cmcavoy: I like the approach, just a general question about how W3C works. My only concern is, from a development perspective, it sounds like these are not set in stone. As we move along, we can continue to adjust them. We're not entering into a contract, as long as that's the case, this is a great approach.
[Tue 11:33:12] <dlongley>	chris: From a development perspective... it sounds like these aren't set in stone, as we move along we can continue to adjust them. We're not entering into a contract so we have flexibility to change it as we go. As long as that's the case I think this is a great approach.
[Tue 11:33:56] <cmcavoy>	manu: tech working groups have a requirement to build for success…and manage the wg to keep it from going off the rails
[Tue 11:34:10] <cmcavoy>	manu: also clarifies for ip protections
[Tue 11:34:54] <cmcavoy>	manu: also allows the community to understand what could conflict with existing ip, heads up to the lawyers about the scope of the work
[Tue 11:35:05] <cmcavoy>	cmcavoy: ::thumbsup:
[Tue 11:35:23] <cmcavoy>	manu: not a contract, not set in stone, assertion by the group that this is what we intend to work on.
[Tue 11:35:36] <cmcavoy>	manu: also gets the group on the same page
[Tue 11:35:49] <cmcavoy>	manu: any other questions?
[Tue 11:36:17] <cmcavoy>	manu: going to review the use cases
[Tue 11:36:42] <cmcavoy>	manu: storage - can store a credential and a requestor can request a credential
[Tue 11:36:46] <m4nu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/use-cases/#storage
[Tue 11:37:14] <cmcavoy>	manu: "must" is in red, special language that denotes a mandatory feature
[Tue 11:37:26] <cmcavoy>	manu: "should" is an optional feature
[Tue 11:37:58] <cmcavoy>	manu: it's a choice by the cg / wg about whether or not we use must or should
[Tue 11:38:33] <cmcavoy>	manu: be careful about how we pick MUSTs and SHOULDs
[Tue 11:39:12] <cmcavoy>	manu: interactive-transmission and non-interactive transmission, design criteria and use case. you should be in the loop if someone is requesting your credential
[Tue 11:39:23] <cmcavoy>	manu: that's an interactive use case
[Tue 11:39:47] <cmcavoy>	manu: non-interactive is given an org the ability to pull information whenever they need it
[Tue 11:40:02] <cmcavoy>	manu: with that ability the non-interactive org can pull that credential whenever they want
[Tue 11:40:23] <cmcavoy>	manu: need-to-know- share the bare minimum you need to to be able to get the data to the website
[Tue 11:40:58] <cmcavoy>	manu: need to know protects sender and receiver
[Tue 11:41:46] <cmcavoy>	mary: side point, when we use kids being 13, somewhere we need to review access around the globe. us uses coppa. internationally it's different. need to define "underage" as an international term
[Tue 11:42:20] <cmcavoy>	manu: agreed, need to follow up
[Tue 11:42:41] <cmcavoy>	manu: composability - multiple credentials can be combined to get you access to something
[Tue 11:42:54] <cmcavoy>	manu: example, "two forms of identificiation to open a bank account"
[Tue 11:44:15] <cmcavoy>	manu: endorsement - multiple signatures…sort of
[Tue 11:44:39] <cmcavoy>	manu: anonymity - pseudo anonymous identity, just transmit specific bare minimum data
[Tue 11:45:11] <cmcavoy>	manu: identity aliases - short names, @mentions, etc...
[Tue 11:45:47] <cmcavoy>	manu: questions or comments?
[Tue 11:45:49] <cmcavoy>	cmcavoy: yes, one
[Tue 11:46:02] <cmcavoy>	cmcavoy: endorsement is a pretty loaded term
[Tue 11:46:12] <cmcavoy>	cmcavoy: in the ed space there's a bunch of use cases around endorsement
[Tue 11:47:09] <cmcavoy>	manu: please send the info to the mailing list so we can discuss it
[Tue 11:47:40] <m4nu>	cmcavoy: From a Badge Alliance perspective, endorsement is a loaded term - so, can we add some stuff to that use case.
[Tue 11:47:43] *	SunnyLee has quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)
[Tue 11:48:14] <cmcavoy>	cmcavoy: ok, we can do that
[Tue 11:48:35] <cmcavoy>	bill: one comment on use case that includes use of SAT
[Tue 11:48:49] <cmcavoy>	bill: would like to change it to gre or toefel
[Tue 11:48:53] <cmcavoy>	manu: will fix that right now
[Tue 11:49:31] <cmcavoy>	mary: agreed, gre is a better example, +1
[Tue 11:49:51] <cmcavoy>	manu: any other questions or concerns?
[Tue 11:51:01] <m4nu>	PROPOSAL: Publish a preliminary Credentials Use Cases document and vote on publishing it as a first public working draft before W3C TPAC. Start the vote at 5pm ET on Tuesday October 14th 2014 and keep it open for 7 days.
[Tue 11:51:09] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:51:10] <m4nu>	+1
[Tue 11:51:13] <cmcavoy>	+1
[Tue 11:51:28] <taaz>	+1
[Tue 11:51:49] <bill>	+1
[Tue 11:51:52] <mark>	+1
[Tue 11:51:55] <marybold>	+1
[Tue 11:52:07] <m4nu>	RESOLVED: Publish a preliminary Credentials Use Cases document and vote on publishing it as a first public working draft before W3C TPAC. Start the vote at 5pm ET on Tuesday October 14th 2014 and keep it open for 7 days.
[Tue 11:52:17] <cmcavoy>	manu: will put together questionaire and vote for the end of the day today
[Tue 11:53:07] <dlongley>	+1 to the same format
[Tue 11:53:15] <cmcavoy>	manu: suggesting similar format for this vote as web payments
[Tue 11:53:28] <cmcavoy>	group has no objections, manu will get the vote out by 5pm today.
[Tue 11:53:40] <m4nu>	Topic: Start Discussing Roadmap Document
[Tue 11:54:10] <cmcavoy>	manu: last item on the agenda, need to discuss roadmap document to plot out what we think needs to be finished for this stuff to hit a world standard bar…example, spec, implementations, test suite, public review, etc
[Tue 11:54:23] <cmcavoy>	manu: need to propose a timeline that isn't more than 3-4 years
[Tue 11:54:35] <m4nu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/roadmap/
[Tue 11:54:38] <cmcavoy>	manu: it's ok to propose this in parallel
[Tue 11:54:56] <cmcavoy>	manu: proposal / drafty document of the roadmap (above)
[Tue 11:55:54] <cmcavoy>	manu: draft doesn't include edu cases…need badge alliance to fill that out
[Tue 11:56:07] <cmcavoy>	cmcavoy: we're ok with that ;)
[Tue 11:56:49] <cmcavoy>	manu: review of active collaborators
[Tue 11:57:14] <cmcavoy>	m4nu: yes please, badge alliance would like to be put into the active collaborators section
[Tue 11:57:31] <cmcavoy>	cmcavoy: thanks
[Tue 11:58:23] <cmcavoy>	manu: this roadmap won't be presented as anything official at TPAC, people need time to digest and give feedback. if there's tech / orgs / that need to be part of this, we need to get them into the doc
[Tue 11:59:29] <cmcavoy>	manu: we have a body of documents that can be reviewed
[Tue 11:59:40] <cmcavoy>	manu: please take these docs back to your colleagues for review
[Tue 11:59:51] <cmcavoy>	manu: we will meet again before TPAC
[Tue 11:59:56] <cmcavoy>	manu: any concerns?
[Tue 12:00:19] <cmcavoy>	mary: looks good
[Tue 12:00:28] <cmcavoy>	manu: thanks all, closes the call.
[Tue 12:00:33] <voip-cr>	Manu Sporny (SIP/6000-00000011) has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:33] <voip-cr>	marybold (IAX2/diamondcard-14508) has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:33] <voip-cr>	Dave Longley (SIP/6002-00000012) has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:35] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn (SIP/6003-00000019) has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:35] <voip-cr>	Mark___ (SIP/144.81.85.9:18760-00000010) has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:37] <voip-cr>	SunnyLee (IAX2/diamondcard-334) has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:39] <voip-cr>	Bill__ (SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000000f) has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:40] <voip-cr>	cmcavoy (SIP/172.16.6.236-00000014) has left the conference.
