[2018-06-12T15:59:31.926Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ Joe_Andrieu
[2018-06-12T16:00:23.562Z]	<cwebber2>	present+ Chris_Webber
[2018-06-12T16:03:50.374Z]	<rgrant>	voip-ccg: connections
[2018-06-12T16:04:08.740Z]	<rgrant>	voip-ccg: rgrant is 04c
[2018-06-12T16:04:09.555Z]	<ChristopherA>	agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Jun/0053.html
[2018-06-12T16:04:21.394Z]	<rgrant>	voip-ccg: 04c is rgrant
[2018-06-12T16:04:58.893Z]	<achughes>	present+
[2018-06-12T16:05:09.498Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2018-06-12T16:05:15.517Z]	<burn>	present+
[2018-06-12T16:05:22.901Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2018-06-12T16:06:05.294Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2018-06-12T16:06:48.288Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2018-06-12T16:06:59.461Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: 4e is Jarlath
[2018-06-12T16:07:58.097Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: 40 is David_Challener
[2018-06-12T16:10:00.878Z]	<achughes>	scribe: achughes
[2018-06-12T16:10:32.555Z]	<dlongley>	regrets+ Manu_Sporny
[2018-06-12T16:10:53.659Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: reviewed the agenda
[2018-06-12T16:11:09.522Z]	<achughes>	topic: Agenda review
[2018-06-12T16:11:30.174Z]	<achughes>	topic: Introductions
[2018-06-12T16:11:49.436Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: Nobody new on the call
[2018-06-12T16:12:33.705Z]	<achughes>	benjamin young: with John Wiley & Sons - co-chair of JSON-LD WG
[2018-06-12T16:13:01.686Z]	<bigbluehat>	present+ Benjamin_Young
[2018-06-12T16:13:15.974Z]	<ChristopherA>	topic: Announcements
[2018-06-12T16:13:26.198Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: Summer Hackathon - originally was a DID-focused one
[2018-06-12T16:13:53.759Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: Want to push DID hackathon to end-Septemer now - new developments coming
[2018-06-12T16:14:16.113Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: 55 is bigbluehat
[2018-06-12T16:14:16.915Z]	<burn>	Can someone drop a link to MyData conf in the chat?
[2018-06-12T16:14:28.854Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: Kim will have presentation on DIDs - also an Unconference, expected to have lots of did/verifiable credentials talks
[2018-06-12T16:14:49.236Z]	<dlongley>	https://mydata2018.org/
[2018-06-12T16:15:04.705Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: there will not be a ‘salon’ on the saturday following myData conference - logistics don’t work out
[2018-06-12T16:15:08.339Z]	<ChristopherA>	topic: Action items - https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item%22_
[2018-06-12T16:16:06.114Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: July hackathon - the idea of a broader outreach hackathon is too early given the status of projects
[2018-06-12T16:16:10.375Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA:
[2018-06-12T16:16:29.728Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: the BTCR project wants to do something in July
[2018-06-12T16:16:34.575Z]	<kimhd>	voip: connections?
[2018-06-12T16:17:03.516Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: the idea is 9am Pacific, a standup call to give fast status, then a slack channel is used to communicate over the day. Monday-Friday
[2018-06-12T16:17:17.861Z]	<kimhd>	present+ kimhd
[2018-06-12T16:17:30.638Z]	<lparker>	present+
[2018-06-12T16:17:59.040Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: still want to do the DID outreach hackathon - all methods projects - try to attract new players, walk them through - exact timing TBD - probably late September/early October
[2018-06-12T16:18:17.725Z]	<agropper_>	present+
[2018-06-12T16:19:08.500Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: BTCR - want to coordinate to do a planning session. Ryan and Dan Pape have been working on tx-ref (?) encoding, C++ implementation - decide on some good outcomes for the hackathon & start assigning tasks
[2018-06-12T16:19:09.928Z]	<rgrant>	+1 on sync-up.
[2018-06-12T16:19:21.739Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: BTCR needs help on JSON-LD 1.1
[2018-06-12T16:19:35.077Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-06-12T16:19:47.394Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: need to know what libraries are being updated to v1.1 and other details
[2018-06-12T16:20:17.835Z]	<kimhd>	action: Kim schedule BTCR planning session
[2018-06-12T16:20:24.397Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: discussion about moving the whole hackathon to September 29/30
[2018-06-12T16:20:55.658Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: Microsoft wants to be involved. Also want to have all the other projects participate in-person
[2018-06-12T16:21:17.302Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: Rebooting Web of Trust looking for venue the week of September 24 in Toronto
[2018-06-12T16:21:36.954Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-06-12T16:22:05.574Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: can RWOT be combined with IIW? would help with travel
[2018-06-12T16:22:25.535Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: or back-to-back weeks?
[2018-06-12T16:22:59.935Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: IIW fall 2018 is the same week as W3C TPAC
[2018-06-12T16:23:29.058Z]	<burn>	TPAC is Oct 22-26
[2018-06-12T16:23:30.534Z]	<ChristopherA>	TPAC is https://www.w3.org/2018/10/TPAC/
[2018-06-12T16:23:57.538Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://www.iiw2018.com/
[2018-06-12T16:24:04.800Z]	<ChristopherA>	both start October 22nd.
[2018-06-12T16:24:20.700Z]	<achughes>	topic: Work items
[2018-06-12T16:24:30.255Z]	<ChristopherA>	#RebootingWebOfTrust is week of September 24th, likely in Toronto
[2018-06-12T16:25:00.075Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Adrian: so we have Microsoft listed in the spreadsheet?
[2018-06-12T16:25:15.308Z]	<ChristopherA>	agenda: work items report https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2018-06-12T16:25:23.345Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Adrian: *do
[2018-06-12T16:25:28.813Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: need info from Manu about DID WG proposal startup items
[2018-06-12T16:25:36.321Z]	<rgrant>	q+
[2018-06-12T16:25:42.519Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-06-12T16:25:43.516Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack rgrant
[2018-06-12T16:26:09.754Z]	<achughes>	rgrant: working on (BTCR) DID document validation - looking for existing test cases and collections of compliant and non-compliant DID documents
[2018-06-12T16:26:48.319Z]	<ChristopherA>	We can make a repo if an abstract is sent and work item approved.
[2018-06-12T16:26:51.154Z]	<rgrant>	yes, i'll send email
[2018-06-12T16:26:53.923Z]	<bigbluehat>	q+
[2018-06-12T16:27:02.634Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-06-12T16:27:03.577Z]	<achughes>	action: rgrant to send a request for DID document test cases etc to the list
[2018-06-12T16:27:08.535Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://opencreds.org/minutes/
[2018-06-12T16:27:16.549Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Need to do something with opencreds
[2018-06-12T16:27:46.415Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: it was started by this community a while back - github and web site - stale
[2018-06-12T16:28:13.040Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: need to move or redirect or delete content
[2018-06-12T16:28:55.627Z]	<achughes>	dlongley: digital bazaar has people that worked on it - they will do some cleanup and redirecting
[2018-06-12T16:29:11.962Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-06-12T16:29:15.277Z]	<achughes>	action: dlongley to look at opencreds sites and move or redirect content as appropriate
[2018-06-12T16:29:26.157Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack bigbluehat
[2018-06-12T16:29:27.366Z]	<achughes>	bigbluehat: (Benjamin Young)
[2018-06-12T16:29:32.927Z]	<agropper_>	Microsoft is not on the implementers spreadsheet. We have uPort Validbook Foundation Dominode, Inc Province of British Columbia HIE of One lifeID Foundation HTC Exodus phone Veres one Sovrin Danube Tech Transendx Chlu
[2018-06-12T16:29:43.935Z]	<chrisb>	ChristopherA: did you really mean: https://www.iiw2018.com/ ?
[2018-06-12T16:29:57.696Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	work item: DID Document Examples?
[2018-06-12T16:30:03.747Z]	<dlongley>	q+
[2018-06-12T16:30:08.719Z]	<achughes>	bigbluehat: want to have DID documents to be in a repo that everyone can contribute to - central repo
[2018-06-12T16:30:13.680Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack dlongley
[2018-06-12T16:30:15.527Z]	<chrisb>	that link doesn't look correct
[2018-06-12T16:30:24.508Z]	<dlongley>	https://github.com/digitalbazaar/did-io/tree/v0.7.0/tests
[2018-06-12T16:30:54.909Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+ about example DIDs
[2018-06-12T16:30:56.673Z]	<achughes>	dlongley: did-resolvers might be listed somewhere? that might be a good place to put test suites as well
[2018-06-12T16:31:23.155Z]	<markus_sabadello>	DIF Universal Resolver also has examples: https://uniresolver.io/
[2018-06-12T16:31:47.115Z]	<achughes>	bigbluehat: the DID spec should have illustrative examples
[2018-06-12T16:31:56.508Z]	<agropper_>	We can add resolvers to https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ZDHH1p4EBjxVqQJyO07gWOowhrsW2hrkRH2kgNzt0y0/&sa=D&ust=1528824456194000&usg=AFQjCNFHcRO_Qmw09aQafAWsAxA14tDDIA
[2018-06-12T16:32:29.897Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-06-12T16:32:30.214Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack markus_sabadello
[2018-06-12T16:32:47.853Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: the universal resolver at DIF has some examples - link above
[2018-06-12T16:33:35.936Z]	<markus_sabadello>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-resolution
[2018-06-12T16:33:51.103Z]	<dlongley>	q+
[2018-06-12T16:34:00.419Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: another possibility for examples at did-resolution github - link above
[2018-06-12T16:34:02.045Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-06-12T16:35:02.459Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: we need verifiable claims (test repo); need signed verifiable claims (reference versions  - signed in various ways); various examples of DID documents
[2018-06-12T16:35:16.086Z]	<dlongley>	q-
[2018-06-12T16:35:46.144Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: if a DID WG is started then it may have a repo that will contain the example materials
[2018-06-12T16:36:08.364Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: the verifiable claims stuff should be in the Verifiable Claims WG
[2018-06-12T16:36:39.095Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	action item: add a web page to CCG wiki with links to DID document examples
[2018-06-12T16:36:45.296Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-06-12T16:37:13.697Z]	<ChristopherA>	topic: DID Method Requirements?
[2018-06-12T16:37:17.917Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: we need a formal statement of what is required to be declared a ‘did method’
[2018-06-12T16:38:06.921Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: revocation is not fully consensus (does it actually need revocation?)
[2018-06-12T16:38:49.280Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: revocation - should be about key compromise
[2018-06-12T16:39:07.473Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: rotation is also undecided - generally updating transactional keys
[2018-06-12T16:39:22.684Z]	<markus_sabadello>	See discussion here about DIDs that cannot be revoked/rotated: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/55
[2018-06-12T16:40:07.385Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: some did methods want to have a single key with no concept of revocation or rotation - should these be accepted as did methods?
[2018-06-12T16:40:53.407Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: need to set a minimum requirement to avoid quality issues or security issues
[2018-06-12T16:41:17.575Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: revocation/rotation is a new/interesting thing that DID methods offer
[2018-06-12T16:41:35.115Z]	<drummond>	Pelle from uPort has made a case for these "single key single use" DIDs. I was initially opposed but he convinced me that it was okay because these types of DIDs would have their own DID method that explain that they are single use with no rotation.
[2018-06-12T16:41:57.975Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: planting the seed - there are probably other open issues and undecided topics - features that are supported/not
[2018-06-12T16:42:04.097Z]	<ChristopherA>	But are those DIDs revocable?
[2018-06-12T16:42:09.656Z]	<chrisb>	+1 for that
[2018-06-12T16:42:32.895Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Action Item: invite comment on DID method requirements on mailing list
[2018-06-12T16:42:37.188Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	fq?
[2018-06-12T16:42:38.569Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-06-12T16:42:52.477Z]	<ChristopherA>	There may be a risk that if we have non-rotatable DIDs, the legacy identity community points to them and says "but DIDs are worse then what we already offer"
[2018-06-12T16:42:57.114Z]	<achughes>	topic: Focal use cases
[2018-06-12T16:43:07.966Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wz8sakevXzO2OSMP341w7M2LjAMZfEQaTQEm_AOs3_Q/edit?usp=sharing
[2018-06-12T16:43:22.294Z]	<achughes>	weblogin use case
[2018-06-12T16:43:28.423Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Use Case #10
[2018-06-12T16:43:46.908Z]	<drummond>	FYI, the Sovrin community does not currently have any use for these single-use DIDs, but uPort does.
[2018-06-12T16:43:48.414Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Ryan Grant is speaker
[2018-06-12T16:44:11.908Z]	<achughes>	rgrant: references are made to the DID-Auth draft at RWOT
[2018-06-12T16:44:44.713Z]	<kimhd>	interesting, if they are single-use only (how is this enforced?) then maybe revocation is less important? But maybe some timebox is needed? I.e. if it's created and then "immediately" used (for some definition of immediate), the window for key theft is reduced
[2018-06-12T16:44:56.368Z]	<achughes>	rgrant: did-auth has a few different mechanisms described for web logon - need some additional details there, probably
[2018-06-12T16:45:30.796Z]	<achughes>	rgrant: sticky wicket - don’t try to store a password - just ask for proof of control of the did (presumably did-auth?)
[2018-06-12T16:45:46.976Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	I like the point that DIDs separate proof from the identifier
[2018-06-12T16:45:54.962Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-06-12T16:46:37.460Z]	<rgrant>	achughes: yes, Did Auth.  example here: https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-spring2018/blob/master/draft-documents/did_auth_draft.md#did-auth-architecture-6-web-page-and-web-browser
[2018-06-12T16:47:17.481Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: would like more info about how “single key single use” works re revocation - is the window of threat small enough to not need it
[2018-06-12T16:47:24.653Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2018-06-12T16:47:32.864Z]	<achughes>	Use Case #11
[2018-06-12T16:47:35.334Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q-
[2018-06-12T16:48:16.082Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: use case came from verifiable credentials use case discussion
[2018-06-12T16:48:29.336Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: better use case for dids than for verifiable credentials
[2018-06-12T16:48:42.272Z]	<chrisb>	where is the appropriate place to have this DID method discussion? (here/mailing list/some other chat chanel...)
[2018-06-12T16:49:13.054Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: university students have access to other university library - typical approach is to whitelist based on attributes provided from home university
[2018-06-12T16:49:24.787Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: what would this look like using dids?
[2018-06-12T16:49:36.749Z]	<kimhd>	I liked Christopher's point that Tzviya's use case is a great one for DIDs + OCAP
[2018-06-12T16:49:36.994Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: or object capabilities?
[2018-06-12T16:49:47.660Z]	<burn>	sounds like a special case of Single Sign On
[2018-06-12T16:50:07.513Z]	<dcc>	q+
[2018-06-12T16:51:15.076Z]	<achughes>	cwebber2: ocap-ld - need to have some cryptographic material that has been authorized to do something - this might be student’s did or derived from their student id
[2018-06-12T16:51:56.326Z]	<achughes>	cwebber2: the ocap way - a university would get a capability to access the library - then assign it to your did
[2018-06-12T16:52:27.226Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-06-12T16:52:32.513Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack dcc
[2018-06-12T16:53:18.566Z]	<achughes>	dcc: need to understand how the licensing model works for libraries to make sure the use case is accurate
[2018-06-12T16:53:39.659Z]	<achughes>	dcc: not sure the use case works as described
[2018-06-12T16:54:05.620Z]	<bigbluehat>	q+
[2018-06-12T16:54:19.806Z]	<kimhd>	Curious for more context from Tziya or someone else at Wiley on the call. Seems like they'd have domain knowledge there :)
[2018-06-12T16:55:07.016Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: yes, it’s probably that we are missing the point from the use case
[2018-06-12T16:55:57.007Z]	<dlongley>	q?
[2018-06-12T16:56:23.468Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack bigbluehat
[2018-06-12T16:56:33.876Z]	<achughes>	cwebber2: note - there is a way to deal with prohibiting delegation (split contract)
[2018-06-12T16:57:24.293Z]	<achughes>	bigbluehat: tzviya is Ben’s boss - ra21.org is looking at this problem - one thing is the ‘access by vpn’ - restrictions are IP filters so hard to do individual control of access
[2018-06-12T16:57:48.581Z]	<achughes>	bigbluehat: would like to be able to do individual-based access control with verifiable credentials
[2018-06-12T16:58:07.427Z]	<dcc>	Using keys directly works fine.  Why use a DID?
[2018-06-12T16:58:17.248Z]	<dlongley>	lots of options for this use case ... ocap, credential handler API, so on ... all related to DIDs.
[2018-06-12T16:58:50.547Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: defer prescription use case to next call
[2018-06-12T16:58:56.255Z]	<dlongley>	dcc: one reason to use a DID is so that when you're with UNC and you leave and go to NC your DID is not tied to either
[2018-06-12T17:02:24.932Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2018-06-12T17:02:55.333Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 040
[2018-06-12T17:02:58.152Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 042
[2018-06-12T17:03:00.254Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 047
[2018-06-12T17:03:02.073Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 04c
[2018-06-12T17:03:03.310Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 04e
[2018-06-12T17:03:03.311Z]	<kimhd>	present+ Jarlath, Samantha, agropper