[Tue 12:04:21] <manu>	scribe: mike-lodder
[Tue 12:04:30] <manu>	voip: 000f is RyanGrant
[Tue 12:04:30] <voip-ccg>	Associated RyanGrant with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000000f.
[Tue 12:04:48] <kimhd_>	agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Oct/0116.html
[Tue 12:04:52] <voip-ccg>	18013765464 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000016] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:05:02] *	MarkusSabadello (~MarkusSabadello@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:05:08] *	Suedonym (~Suedonym@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:05:19] <manu>	voip: 0016 is Suedonym 
[Tue 12:05:19] <voip-ccg>	Associated Suedonym with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000016.
[Tue 12:05:39] <voip-ccg>	15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000018] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:05:58] *	DavidC (~DavidC@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:06:07] *	manu mike-lodder - make sure to put  --- name: what they said
[Tue 12:06:26] <voip-ccg>	15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000019] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:06:35] *	manu mike-lodder what you typed above would have /me/ as saying "will cover his slides before TPAC"... what you wanted was "kimhd: Manu will cover his slides before TPAC"
[Tue 12:06:43] <JoeAndrieu>	voip: 19 is JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:06:43] <voip-ccg>	Associated JoeAndrieu with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000019.
[Tue 12:06:43] <manu>	Topic: Status of Action Items
[Tue 12:06:51] <mike-lodder>	Kimhd: will cover the DID PR
[Tue 12:07:12] *	manu good mike-lodder - that's it! 
[Tue 12:07:18] <mike-lodder>	DavidC: Lifecycle document - haven't updated the document to Markdown yet.
[Tue 12:08:13] <mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: need more clarity on the webpage about what's been reviewed work items as opposed to what still needs to be reviewed
[Tue 12:08:53] *	rgrant (~rgrant@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:09:36] *	manu ChristopherA your echo cancellation is probably not turned on :)
[Tue 12:09:40] <ChristopherA>	Also not sure about WoT items having been approved / voted
[Tue 12:09:45] *	manu +1 to what kim suggested
[Tue 12:09:47] <rgrant>	+1
[Tue 12:09:50] <mike-lodder>	kimhd: I will clarify work items that have been voted on vs approved
[Tue 12:09:52] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 12:10:35] <mike-lodder>	Kimhd: deadline passed last week for DID PR
[Tue 12:10:39] <JoeAndrieu>	can we get the PR url?
[Tue 12:10:55] <rgrant>	q+ i read the changes
[Tue 12:10:55] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been added to the queue: rgrant
[Tue 12:11:16] <mike-lodder>	Manu: we just want to know if the new set of changes are a step in the right direction. We still need to fix some language things from RWOT
[Tue 12:11:22] <ChristopherA>	+1
[Tue 12:11:32] <kimhd>	pr: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/22
[Tue 12:11:37] <mike-lodder>	Manu: does everyone believe that the PR overall improves the spec?
[Tue 12:12:16] <manu>	q+ rgrant
[Tue 12:12:17] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: rgrant, rgrant
[Tue 12:12:22] <manu>	q- rgrant
[Tue 12:12:22] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been removed from the queue: rgrant
[Tue 12:13:00] <mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: no issues with PR but I haven't done a formal review
[Tue 12:13:11] <manu>	q+ to note URN issues...
[Tue 12:13:11] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: rgrant, manu
[Tue 12:13:22] <mike-lodder>	rgrant: believe the PR is ok with direction
[Tue 12:13:36] <manu>	ack rgrant
[Tue 12:13:36] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has the floor.
[Tue 12:13:54] <dlongley>	i recommend +1 for merging -- and outstanding problems get a new, specific github issue
[Tue 12:14:05] <mike-lodder>	+1 dlongley
[Tue 12:14:39] <rgrant>	it doesn't have "//" that results in a location
[Tue 12:14:46] <mike-lodder>	manu: DID are URL's, maybe introduce the concept of DID needs to be redone
[Tue 12:15:46] <mike-lodder>	Topic: Credential Handler API
[Tue 12:15:46] <mike-lodder>	kimhd: DavidC should take the lead on discussing API spec
[Tue 12:15:48] *	MarkusSabadello_ (~MarkusSabadello@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:15:55] <dlongley>	+1 reword introduction, more focus on stable ID vs. "new" thing that isn't quite a URL (which it isn't)
[Tue 12:16:23] <dlongley>	https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1qk9-6dpsZttrFr4qV-aID2L2OFTcKHL1epkzRgB8pZc/edit#slide=id.p3 <-- slides from David Chadwick
[Tue 12:16:44] <kimhd>	Credential API github issue: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/credential-handler-api/issues/1
[Tue 12:17:07] <mike-lodder>	DavidC: FIDO protocol was used and keys are stored not the smartphones and computers
[Tue 12:17:07] <mike-lodder>	davidC: Presented to others from JOSE / Web Authentication and they say its now out of date
[Tue 12:17:37] <mike-lodder>	DavidC: to look at other specs at W3C
[Tue 12:18:30] <mike-lodder>	DavidC: the interface is easy to use and tested with hospital patients
[Tue 12:18:45] <mike-lodder>	DavidC: hospital patients like it much better
[Tue 12:18:49] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 12:18:49] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been added to the queue: manu, dlongley
[Tue 12:19:02] <kimhd_>	q?
[Tue 12:19:02] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu, dlongley
[Tue 12:19:04] <manu>	q-
[Tue 12:19:06] <voip-ccg>	manu has been removed from the queue: dlongley
[Tue 12:19:15] <rgrant>	q+
[Tue 12:19:15] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been added to the queue: dlongley, rgrant
[Tue 12:19:17] <mike-lodder>	DavidC: with his interface users didn't need to enter usernames or passwords
[Tue 12:19:45] <dlongley>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/credential-handler-api/
[Tue 12:19:48] *	kimhd_ I'm back
[Tue 12:20:00] <mike-lodder>	dlongley: web authentication should be viewed as complementary vs alternative to credential handler api
[Tue 12:20:03] *	MarkusSabadello has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:20:09] <kimhd_>	q?
[Tue 12:20:09] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley, rgrant
[Tue 12:20:14] <kimhd_>	ack dlongley
[Tue 12:20:14] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 12:20:30] <mike-lodder>	Dlongley: what are the reasons why your approach is easier
[Tue 12:20:46] <mike-lodder>	Dlongley: how does this stuff work on the web?
[Tue 12:21:01] <voip-ccg>	Markus Sabadello [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000020] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:21:06] *	manu what happens when someone loses their device?
[Tue 12:21:14] <mike-lodder>	DavidC: credentials are on the device
[Tue 12:21:26] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 12:21:26] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been added to the queue: rgrant, dlongley
[Tue 12:21:27] <kimhd_>	q+ to ask about complementary vs alternative -- can this be implemented in credentials API as is?
[Tue 12:21:27] <voip-ccg>	kimhd_ has been added to the queue: rgrant, dlongley, kimhd_
[Tue 12:21:28] <voip-ccg>	Markus Sabadello [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000020] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:21:47] <dlongley>	q+ to say that the keys can still be on the device with the other model
[Tue 12:21:47] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been added to the queue: rgrant, dlongley, kimhd_, dlongley
[Tue 12:21:49] <mike-lodder>	DavidC: its easier to use because there are less steps involved
[Tue 12:22:11] <mike-lodder>	DavidC: manu's was cumbersome and complex
[Tue 12:22:51] <mike-lodder>	DavidC: the phone handles the logic and allows the user to choose consent
[Tue 12:24:40] <mike-lodder>	Dlongley: credentials handler can potentially live on the device or can live on the web in a secure location
[Tue 12:25:05] <rgrant>	that was/is my question: how are credentials reestablished in case the device is lost?
[Tue 12:25:26] <mike-lodder>	Dlongley: the interface is dependent on the software implementer
[Tue 12:26:11] <mike-lodder>	Dlongley: the point is to have the browser do the minimum amount of work
[Tue 12:26:29] <kimhd_>	q?
[Tue 12:26:29] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: rgrant, dlongley, kimhd_, dlongley
[Tue 12:26:44] <dlongley>	q-
[Tue 12:26:44] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been removed from the queue: rgrant, kimhd_, dlongley
[Tue 12:26:45] <dlongley>	q-
[Tue 12:26:45] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been removed from the queue: rgrant, kimhd_
[Tue 12:26:50] <kimhd_>	ack rgrant
[Tue 12:26:50] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has the floor.
[Tue 12:26:51] <mike-lodder>	DavidC: the protocols need to be standardized to allow for mixing and matching
[Tue 12:27:07] <mike-lodder>	rgrant: where are the separation of concerns addressed?
[Tue 12:27:47] <mike-lodder>	DavidC: I would like the protocol between the inspector and holder to be standardized
[Tue 12:28:00] <dlongley>	+1 for standardizing the "policy"/"query" and response
[Tue 12:28:14] <dlongley>	q+ to say that the credential handler API is actually a lower layer than even that
[Tue 12:28:14] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been added to the queue: kimhd_, dlongley
[Tue 12:28:42] <mike-lodder>	DavidC: whatever approach we choose should be compatible with how browsers are today
[Tue 12:29:06] <rgrant>	i understand the focus and will consider lost devices a problem to be solved by implementaitons.
[Tue 12:29:33] <manu>	Agree that the way to get browser adoption is to make the browser vendors do as little as possible.
[Tue 12:29:36] <mike-lodder>	lodder: +1 rgrant, that problem is up to the vendor To solve
[Tue 12:30:36] <mike-lodder>	dlongley: credential handler api is lower than the layer that DavidC was talking about
[Tue 12:30:39] <kimhd_>	ack kimhd
[Tue 12:30:39] <voip-ccg>	kimhd isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:30:47] <kimhd_>	ack kimhd_
[Tue 12:30:47] <voip-ccg>	kimhd_ has the floor (to ask about complementary vs alternative -- can this be implemented in credentials API as is?).
[Tue 12:30:48] <kimhd_>	q?
[Tue 12:30:48] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley
[Tue 12:30:52] *	MarkusSabadello_ has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:32:45] <ChristopherA>	Time check. TPAC review is critical path.
[Tue 12:33:01] <mike-lodder>	DavidC: allowing multiple wallets adds lots of complexity
[Tue 12:34:13] <mike-lodder>	dlongley: different wallets can provide different credentials
[Tue 12:34:21] *	MarkusSabadello (~MarkusSabadello@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:35:14] <mike-lodder>	kimhd: do we have any action items to close out this topic
[Tue 12:35:21] <rgrant>	do we have consensus that it fits?
[Tue 12:35:24] <rgrant>	i think so
[Tue 12:35:29] <mike-lodder>	Manu: I don't think this is an item that gets closed out
[Tue 12:36:32] <mike-lodder>	kimhd: Manu will guide us through TPAC
[Tue 12:36:58] <manu>	Topic: W3C TPAC Planning
[Tue 12:37:04] <mike-lodder>	manu: give a heads up to W3C group about what we are trying to do
[Tue 12:37:09] <manu>	A Vision for a Self-Sovereign Web: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1woq0pZD872NvhBIu90GIZMf8MQLWCtXM1NCx8n6s0VM/edit
[Tue 12:37:10] <JoeAndrieu>	+1 on slide deck, btw. That's my review. =)
[Tue 12:37:53] <mike-lodder>	Manu: this shows how to combine: credential handler, DIDs, and web payments
[Tue 12:38:05] <mike-lodder>	Manu: and addresses some use cases
[Tue 12:39:01] <mike-lodder>	manu: here's how we are doing it
[Tue 12:39:11] <kimhd_>	q?
[Tue 12:39:11] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley
[Tue 12:39:43] <dlongley>	q-
[Tue 12:39:43] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 12:40:38] <kimhd_>	q+
[Tue 12:40:38] <voip-ccg>	kimhd_ has been added to the queue: kimhd_
[Tue 12:40:39] <mike-lodder>	Manu: how to refine the pitch for self sovereign web
[Tue 12:41:12] <mike-lodder>	kimhd: what time constraints are there for the chairs to review our proposals
[Tue 12:41:14] <rgrant>	go Oma!
[Tue 12:41:20] <voip-ccg>	16617480240 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000026] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:41:25] *	kimhd_ Oma++
[Tue 12:43:08] <kimhd_>	ack kimhd_
[Tue 12:43:08] <voip-ccg>	kimhd_ has the floor.
[Tue 12:43:27] <mike-lodder>	kimhd: to start a slide deck to address the action items
[Tue 12:43:32] <kimhd_>	q?
[Tue 12:43:32] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:43:53] <rgrant>	very visual slides, loved it
[Tue 12:44:34] <ChristopherA>	I'm limited on time. I'm hoping that I don't have to spend all day Wednesday.
[Tue 12:45:42] *	manu suggests we don't have a call 
[Tue 12:45:45] *	dlongley +1
[Tue 12:45:45] <rgrant>	meh
[Tue 12:45:56] <ChristopherA>	We said last week there will be no call next week.
[Tue 12:45:57] <DavidC>	+1
[Tue 12:45:58] *	mike-lodder I don't think we should have the call
[Tue 12:46:14] <manu>	Topic: Post RWoT DID Spec
[Tue 12:46:25] <ChristopherA>	We should first dive into post #RWOT spec first, then Post IIW DID spec.
[Tue 12:46:32] *	mike-lodder I believe Drummond will be at TPAC
[Tue 12:47:05] <Suedonym>	Drummond is confirmed to attend
[Tue 12:48:20] <mike-lodder>	kimhd: no meeting next week but we will dive into DID spec stuff after that
[Tue 12:48:20] <manu>	present+ christophera, rgrant, longley, lehn, suedonym, andrieu, gropper, duffy, chadwick
