[2018-12-18T16:59:46.090Z]	<agropper_>	present+ Adrian_Gropper
[2018-12-18T17:00:02.384Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	voip: 20f is JoeAndrieu
[2018-12-18T17:00:07.926Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ JoeAndrieu
[2018-12-18T17:00:17.498Z]	<rgrant>	Present+
[2018-12-18T17:00:21.472Z]	<brentz>	present+ Brent_Zundel
[2018-12-18T17:00:30.399Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2018-12-18T17:00:34.883Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2018-12-18T17:00:51.078Z]	<ChristopherA>	agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Dec/0068.html
[2018-12-18T17:01:21.208Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	thanks, Chris!
[2018-12-18T17:01:21.208Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2018-12-18T17:01:22.353Z]	<burn>	present+
[2018-12-18T17:01:25.069Z]	<manu>	present+
[2018-12-18T17:01:26.633Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2018-12-18T17:01:34.341Z]	<manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Dec/0068.html
[2018-12-18T17:01:49.160Z]	<bigbluehat>	present+
[2018-12-18T17:02:40.247Z]	<manu>	scribe: Lionel_Wolberger
[2018-12-18T17:02:55.012Z]	<ken>	present+ Ken_Ebert
[2018-12-18T17:03:01.279Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Please take note of the IPR policy, anyone can join, but to contribute you must agree to the IPR policy.
[2018-12-18T17:03:14.193Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Instructions for joining are here -- https://w3c-ccg.github.io/
[2018-12-18T17:03:16.331Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2018-12-18T17:03:17.499Z]	<isaac>	present+
[2018-12-18T17:03:18.219Z]	<lparker>	present+ Lucas Parker
[2018-12-18T17:03:25.712Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	present+ Lionel Wolberger
[2018-12-18T17:03:31.732Z]	<jarlath>	present+ Jarlath O'Carroll
[2018-12-18T17:03:33.299Z]	<samchase>	present+
[2018-12-18T17:03:33.659Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2018-12-18T17:03:34.571Z]	<burn>	present+ Dan_Burnett
[2018-12-18T17:03:40.449Z]	<chrisboscolo>	present+ Chris Boscolo
[2018-12-18T17:04:01.899Z]	<kimhd>	scribe list: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LkqZ10z7FeV3EgMIQEJ9achEYMzy1d_2S90Q_lQ0y8M/edit?usp=sharing)
[2018-12-18T17:04:09.050Z]	<manu>	scribe: Lionel_Wolberger
[2018-12-18T17:04:14.327Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Agenda:
[2018-12-18T17:04:14.801Z]	<kimhd>	Note scribe list has been updated for freshness
[2018-12-18T17:04:52.159Z]	<manu>	Topic: Introductions
[2018-12-18T17:04:52.387Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Isaac Patka: First meeting, introducing himself
[2018-12-18T17:04:55.419Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Working for Bloom
[2018-12-18T17:05:01.905Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Decentralized identity solution in fintech
[2018-12-18T17:05:09.911Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	interested in being compliant with the proposed standards here.
[2018-12-18T17:05:32.013Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Welcome, Isaac (ditto)
[2018-12-18T17:05:43.600Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Intro: Benjamin Young, working for Wiley & Sons
[2018-12-18T17:06:01.927Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Always had credentialing issues. Wiley interested in VCs and the ecosystem to solve publishing related issues.
[2018-12-18T17:06:10.199Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Welcome, Benjamin!
[2018-12-18T17:06:15.384Z]	<ChristopherA>	 https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2018-12-18T17:06:20.488Z]	<manu>	Topic: Announcements and Reminders
[2018-12-18T17:06:50.119Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	RWoT Feb 27-March 1, might move a bit. Looking at Barcelona.
[2018-12-18T17:06:54.499Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2018-12-18T17:06:55.940Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Should have that closed by Jan 8
[2018-12-18T17:07:14.949Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	IIW April 30-May2, Mountain View
[2018-12-18T17:07:20.987Z]	<michela>	present+
[2018-12-18T17:07:32.719Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	NO MEETING NEXT TWO WEEKS. Update your calendars. Next meeting Jan 8
[2018-12-18T17:07:33.490Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-12-18T17:07:33.845Z]	<Moses>	present+
[2018-12-18T17:07:41.121Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-12-18T17:08:03.301Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Will we review strong identity workshop
[2018-12-18T17:08:04.920Z]	<kimhd>	q+ to discuss some work items prelims (next section)
[2018-12-18T17:08:05.302Z]	<manu>	q-
[2018-12-18T17:08:09.891Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: added to agenda
[2018-12-18T17:08:25.072Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: We use github issues to manage our action items.
[2018-12-18T17:08:27.479Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item%22
[2018-12-18T17:08:27.880Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item%22
[2018-12-18T17:08:37.649Z]	<samchase>	can i get a couple of moments help with my use case for the DID explanation doc if there is time? stuck on a piece of it.
[2018-12-18T17:08:40.186Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/labels/action%3A%20review%20next
[2018-12-18T17:08:46.626Z]	<stonematt>	present+ Matt_Stone
[2018-12-18T17:08:51.865Z]	<burn>	eq?
[2018-12-18T17:08:53.126Z]	<burn>	q?
[2018-12-18T17:09:15.119Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: DID resolver specification status?
[2018-12-18T17:09:30.505Z]	<kimhd>	I don't see Markus
[2018-12-18T17:09:55.547Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Veres One DID method status
[2018-12-18T17:10:08.908Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Good progress, a new testnet that is almost feature complete is near production.
[2018-12-18T17:10:24.152Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	No ETA right now, but work is progressing, lots of testing, LB work
[2018-12-18T17:10:32.108Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Testing the DID method, looking good.
[2018-12-18T17:10:53.599Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	D2 should roll out in Jan, then D3 will come after that
[2018-12-18T17:11:03.279Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... and that will be the DID method spec that we need.
[2018-12-18T17:11:09.092Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: Looking forward to that!
[2018-12-18T17:11:13.373Z]	<John_BCGov>	@manu ... are there GitHub repos for the Veres One test net code you just mentioned?
[2018-12-18T17:11:30.654Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action%3A+ccg%22
[2018-12-18T17:11:38.250Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	q+
[2018-12-18T17:12:06.225Z]	<manu>	@John_BCGov -- yep... https://github.com/veres-one/veres-one -- but don't try to run it unless you really know what you're doing -- we'll have packages out shortly (in a month or so) -- please wait for those.
[2018-12-18T17:12:20.868Z]	<John_BCGov>	thx
[2018-12-18T17:12:39.469Z]	<samchase>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JIWWs8YTWP83Hao5UXyrgpddYu9F0v8lGDUo0Usor10/edit?usp=sharing this is the correct doc yes? for DID explainer
[2018-12-18T17:12:50.711Z]	<manu>	@Lionel_Wolberger, we need like 10 more engineers :P
[2018-12-18T17:13:00.071Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: CCG created the VCWG so is obligated to review its specification
[2018-12-18T17:13:00.591Z]	<kimhd>	correct Sam
[2018-12-18T17:13:10.251Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Ideally, someone who was not involved deeply in the process.
[2018-12-18T17:13:27.773Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Who is willing to read the spec. Volunteer.
[2018-12-18T17:13:52.364Z]	<burn>	q+
[2018-12-18T17:13:58.122Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Isaac: I can look from our perspective
[2018-12-18T17:14:03.441Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu, Chris: +1
[2018-12-18T17:14:14.226Z]	<isaac>	github.com/ipatka
[2018-12-18T17:14:58.925Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Burn: CCG coordination goes very well. This transition request, we can argue we have a good and continuous relationship
[2018-12-18T17:15:15.850Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... but this review will be critical, as it is done by someone not party to the work that happened so far
[2018-12-18T17:15:24.332Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... your work will really contribute.
[2018-12-18T17:15:35.939Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action%3A+chairs%22
[2018-12-18T17:15:53.669Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+no%3Alabel
[2018-12-18T17:16:24.900Z]	<samchase>	q+
[2018-12-18T17:16:49.701Z]	<burn>	q-
[2018-12-18T17:17:05.459Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Heather: Voicing concern about DID monetization
[2018-12-18T17:17:07.148Z]	<burn>	ack samchase
[2018-12-18T17:17:14.840Z]	<manu>	+1 to samchase
[2018-12-18T17:17:24.185Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... the two words monetizing & ID should not be in the same sentence
[2018-12-18T17:17:30.880Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... proposing: Solutions for SSI
[2018-12-18T17:17:32.579Z]	<heathervescent>	+1 Sam
[2018-12-18T17:17:54.622Z]	<manu>	q+ to note that we may want to shift this to RWoT.
[2018-12-18T17:17:59.400Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: Is this for a future report or a white paper.
[2018-12-18T17:18:07.067Z]	<kimhd>	Manu you should jump the q
[2018-12-18T17:18:11.572Z]	<Moses>	q+
[2018-12-18T17:18:18.080Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	we did discuss it, briefly.
[2018-12-18T17:18:41.268Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-12-18T17:18:41.365Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-12-18T17:18:56.430Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	the sense of it was to use the lighter weight RWOT
[2018-12-18T17:19:13.427Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: +1 Sam, to remove "monetizing"
[2018-12-18T17:19:31.691Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... this does seem to be an RWoT paper since the scope of the group should be the spec itself and not the ecosystem
[2018-12-18T17:19:37.999Z]	<Moses>	I'm totally fine to change monetization to business model and move our brainstorming to RWOT...
[2018-12-18T17:19:45.086Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... this doc feels exploratory, so it may be better in RWoT
[2018-12-18T17:19:50.733Z]	<kimhd>	+1 to RWOT move
[2018-12-18T17:20:05.340Z]	<Moses>	And the plan is to write a paper for RWOT
[2018-12-18T17:20:09.944Z]	<Moses>	q-
[2018-12-18T17:20:15.612Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Joe... wishing you a fast recovery, reading your notes.
[2018-12-18T17:20:25.482Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-12-18T17:20:30.428Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack kimhd
[2018-12-18T17:20:36.324Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	thanks, Lionel
[2018-12-18T17:20:49.705Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Kim: Respec questions, what is that.
[2018-12-18T17:20:50.119Z]	<kimhd>	Respec
[2018-12-18T17:20:56.632Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... that is what we use
[2018-12-18T17:20:57.226Z]	<kimhd>	tutorial: https://youtu.be/0eQXU6Z-A6Q
[2018-12-18T17:20:59.164Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	q-
[2018-12-18T17:21:20.222Z]	<kimhd>	doc to respec: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/spec-prod/2018JulSep/0003.html
[2018-12-18T17:21:51.820Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/29#issuecomment-445563626
[2018-12-18T17:22:00.454Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Kim: These resources will help anyone needing help with Respec
[2018-12-18T17:22:31.248Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... if you are blocked or on hold, just let the chairs know.
[2018-12-18T17:23:04.966Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: Work items for CCG process, registries process. WIll need repos for those.
[2018-12-18T17:23:25.121Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... older items that we inherited *DID engagement spreadsheet and model * polyfill * specifications
[2018-12-18T17:23:40.540Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-12-18T17:23:44.745Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... we would like clarity around these items. complete/ archive ??
[2018-12-18T17:23:56.579Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-12-18T17:24:16.962Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Agenda: unassigned items
[2018-12-18T17:24:53.953Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Agenda: Results of strong auth workshop
[2018-12-18T17:25:15.491Z]	<manu>	https://www.w3.org/Security/strong-authentication-and-identity-workshop/
[2018-12-18T17:25:35.546Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: W3C Workshop on Strong Authentication & Identity was pulled together
[2018-12-18T17:25:47.061Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... from the AUTH community and the IDENTITY community
[2018-12-18T17:26:09.262Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... broad community to find out what is state of the art
[2018-12-18T17:26:33.504Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... W3C encourages these discussions to uncover if specifications are needed, and which standards body should host that work
[2018-12-18T17:26:50.259Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Presentations start the day, then discussion, then common areas of consensus
[2018-12-18T17:27:02.539Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... then work items are curated
[2018-12-18T17:27:08.379Z]	<ChristopherA>	draft minutes of workshop https://www.w3.org/Security/strong-authentication-and-identity-workshop/minutes.html
[2018-12-18T17:27:13.599Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... generally a workshop report results from the meeting
[2018-12-18T17:27:23.391Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... the minutes are available and not under IPR restrictions
[2018-12-18T17:28:23.531Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-12-18T17:29:01.446Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: the report should be out in Jan
[2018-12-18T17:29:09.240Z]	<ChristopherA>	presentations were at https://drive.google.com/open?id=1aegR1T_TmLJzD27Rj2tgJCQfH8eLBdi2
[2018-12-18T17:29:27.682Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... it was well attended with about 70 people
[2018-12-18T17:29:55.123Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: I attended, I would add: there was a wide variety of presentations including DID discussion from people not actively involved in the CCG
[2018-12-18T17:30:09.940Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... it felt like there is already a DID standard, but, there isn't
[2018-12-18T17:30:21.611Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Kim: On a good path to reconciling differences.
[2018-12-18T17:30:30.620Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	I'm good, Chris
[2018-12-18T17:30:48.600Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Got an opportunity to test out the new DID strategy starting with the Verfiable Claim (education)
[2018-12-18T17:30:59.865Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... and it worked, there was less pushback on that motivating example
[2018-12-18T17:31:08.401Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... lesson learned, leave out "registries" next time
[2018-12-18T17:31:12.579Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-12-18T17:31:15.133Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	q+
[2018-12-18T17:31:21.466Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack Lionel_Wolberger
[2018-12-18T17:31:43.263Z]	<manu>	Lionel_Wolberger: Microsoft was hosting, I believe? What was their position? They have huge identity plays in progress and they tend to be interested in innovation, but sometimes they don't move.
[2018-12-18T17:32:01.751Z]	<manu>	Kaliya: Let's just say that they had multiple perspectives. :)
[2018-12-18T17:32:10.240Z]	<brentz>	schizophrenic
[2018-12-18T17:32:24.142Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: Microsoft is a big player with many legacy systems, with other MS people wanting to innovate
[2018-12-18T17:32:45.168Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Microsoft has legacy stuff and so they have that legacy stuff, and they have some future looking stuff, so it was as much Microsoft talking to each other as to the rest of the community.
[2018-12-18T17:33:03.063Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Agenda: Explainer
[2018-12-18T17:33:21.720Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2018-12-18T17:33:21.911Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-12-18T17:33:22.119Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: Anyone taking the lead on that? Anyone feel they own it? Next steps?
[2018-12-18T17:33:30.222Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack joe
[2018-12-18T17:33:34.785Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-12-18T17:33:46.186Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	I thought I was leading the charge. Dan Burnett also volunteered to help.
[2018-12-18T17:33:57.011Z]	<manu>	+1 to JoeAndrieu leading the charge! :)
[2018-12-18T17:34:54.789Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Suggest deadline of mid-Jan to coincide with the auth workshop report.
[2018-12-18T17:35:27.352Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... It should reach the 480+ companies in the W3C, with 60+ companies saying a WG is called for
[2018-12-18T17:36:09.403Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: Since CCG next meeting is Jan 8th, that seems a good target
[2018-12-18T17:36:13.460Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack?
[2018-12-18T17:36:15.353Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	It's just time on task
[2018-12-18T17:36:15.480Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-12-18T17:36:18.439Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-12-18T17:36:20.159Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... what actions do we need to take to make this target?
[2018-12-18T17:36:32.204Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	>>cue here, the sounds of silence<<
[2018-12-18T17:37:02.080Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	sounds right!
[2018-12-18T17:37:07.044Z]	<ChristopherA>	http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot7/blob/master/final-documents/convincing-dad.pdf
[2018-12-18T17:37:07.642Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Burn: Will try to make that target.
[2018-12-18T17:37:56.142Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/Credentials%20Community%20Group%202018%20WBS.2.pdf
[2018-12-18T17:38:36.062Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: 2018 Year in Review
[2018-12-18T17:38:47.931Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	I was thinking we could just go through those quickly and say whether we (2) completed it (1) made some progress or (0) didn't make progress
[2018-12-18T17:38:57.001Z]	<Moses>	Voice call died for me
[2018-12-18T17:39:07.662Z]	<burn>	Final reports become input to standards-track work that can become Recommendations
[2018-12-18T17:39:38.533Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-12-18T17:40:40.990Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: Review of the tasks and activities that went on in the last year.
[2018-12-18T17:41:14.825Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-12-18T17:42:11.283Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Looking at the PDF file
[2018-12-18T17:42:33.899Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... reconciliation draft is done, that is a major achievement, there is only one DID spec now.
[2018-12-18T17:42:49.871Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... no big disagreements left (v1.1.1.1) DONE!
[2018-12-18T17:43:02.148Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... DID Method Registry is done and we refer to other specs in that registry
[2018-12-18T17:43:07.266Z]	<drabiv>	present+ Bohdan Andriyiv
[2018-12-18T17:43:16.453Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... some specs are asking to be added to the registry, they are pretty solid
[2018-12-18T17:43:32.599Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Test Suite: Non-existant. no progress in 2018.
[2018-12-18T17:43:44.720Z]	<mike-lodder>	q+
[2018-12-18T17:44:16.133Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	1.1.1.4 Cryptographic review: still needs more work particularly the proofs and signatures
[2018-12-18T17:44:28.519Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... in other groups there is discussion
[2018-12-18T17:44:39.681Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... there was a proof of correctness in another group
[2018-12-18T17:44:46.024Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-12-18T17:44:50.062Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack mike-lodder
[2018-12-18T17:44:55.599Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Mike: Open PRs in the spec
[2018-12-18T17:45:02.840Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... will those PRs help or hurt?
[2018-12-18T17:45:49.162Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Yes, we probably do need those done, tho your concern is justified
[2018-12-18T17:46:12.794Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-12-18T17:46:26.740Z]	<ChristopherA>	action: prime a discussion on PR changes to DID
[2018-12-18T17:46:34.500Z]	<John_BCGov>	+1 we will offer to help as best we can
[2018-12-18T17:46:38.503Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Mike: affirms that he will get to it.
[2018-12-18T17:46:46.625Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: let's start in Jan before RWoT
[2018-12-18T17:46:58.050Z]	<Moses>	q
[2018-12-18T17:46:58.341Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-12-18T17:47:40.103Z]	<manu>	q+ to note suggested move to COSE.
[2018-12-18T17:47:42.572Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: Not so much a crypto review, we may need a security review
[2018-12-18T17:47:44.927Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	q+
[2018-12-18T17:47:50.749Z]	<manu>	q-
[2018-12-18T17:47:52.692Z]	<manu>	q+ to note suggested move to COSE.
[2018-12-18T17:48:04.872Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack Lionel_Wolberger
[2018-12-18T17:48:07.352Z]	<Moses>	q+
[2018-12-18T17:48:16.070Z]	<manu>	Lionel_Wolberger: It sounds like you're asking for threat modeling?
[2018-12-18T17:48:16.460Z]	<rgrant>	q+ threat modeling
[2018-12-18T17:48:19.026Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... e.g. you start trusting the keys from here
[2018-12-18T17:48:26.580Z]	<manu>	q-
[2018-12-18T17:48:28.700Z]	<manu>	q+ to note suggested move to COSE.
[2018-12-18T17:48:44.713Z]	<ChristopherA>	action: look at security model (as opposed to just cryptograph) or threat model of DIDs
[2018-12-18T17:48:47.320Z]	<Moses>	Can also call it failure mode analysis.
[2018-12-18T17:49:24.588Z]	<ChristopherA>	action: address requests for clarity on correlation and privacy claims of DIDs
[2018-12-18T17:49:25.051Z]	<Moses>	We need to game out how to a phishing organization might game the system.
[2018-12-18T17:49:28.290Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-12-18T17:49:28.440Z]	<manu>	q?
[2018-12-18T17:49:30.320Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Lionel: Might include in that correlatability and privacy violations.
[2018-12-18T17:49:35.488Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack Moses
[2018-12-18T17:49:44.464Z]	<John_BCGov>	What would you phish?
[2018-12-18T17:50:06.460Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	q+
[2018-12-18T17:50:20.803Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Moses: Thrreat model, a phishing company, could they pose as a valid DID service?
[2018-12-18T17:50:34.142Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack rgrant
[2018-12-18T17:50:37.551Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: DID resolver services would not be the right model
[2018-12-18T17:50:41.442Z]	<heathervescent>	Are you suggesting a kind of pentesting?
[2018-12-18T17:50:53.520Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Ryan: Done threat modelling, and is including more DID things there
[2018-12-18T17:51:01.799Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-12-18T17:51:08.505Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... happy to collect threat model questions
[2018-12-18T17:51:10.400Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-12-18T17:51:24.319Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Manu: Echo suggestion for more threat modelling +1
[2018-12-18T17:51:24.981Z]	<Moses>	q+ about DID Business Models?
[2018-12-18T17:51:32.379Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... have not red teamed these systems.
[2018-12-18T17:51:46.519Z]	<mike-lodder>	DREAD or STRIDE?
[2018-12-18T17:51:46.959Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... surfacing this work (which seems to be going on inside corporations)
[2018-12-18T17:51:58.754Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Veres One volunteers for a pen test, dread, strident
[2018-12-18T17:52:12.163Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack Lionel_Wolberger
[2018-12-18T17:52:15.423Z]	<jarlath>	RE: earlier discussion (couldn't respond earlier) - if you need someone to review spec/doc over the Holidays from a somewhat lay person's perspective, then I'm happy to do so ... if so, please let me know the details
[2018-12-18T17:52:18.122Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... ecosystem red teaming, ecosystem threat models, would be essential to being thought leaders
[2018-12-18T17:52:33.040Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... We were criticized for allowing different key formats
[2018-12-18T17:52:38.910Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... this came from people experienced in jot work
[2018-12-18T17:52:56.070Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... based on seeing Evernym Sovrin Ethereum Bitcoin RChain Veres One
[2018-12-18T17:53:03.465Z]	<mike-lodder>	+1 to COSE
[2018-12-18T17:53:18.147Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... feels like COSE expressions of key formats would be compact, fit into JSON LD
[2018-12-18T17:53:45.254Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... CBOR Object Signing and Encryption (COSE) protocol...
[2018-12-18T17:54:28.002Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-12-18T17:54:47.866Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: Have spoken with Brave, we opened the door.
[2018-12-18T17:55:25.760Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... The variety on the keys might be here because we are a multi-party system
[2018-12-18T17:55:48.807Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... multiple choices enable things like "I have a Sovrin key and you have a Veres One key"
[2018-12-18T17:55:57.932Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... the same keys can be registered on both systems
[2018-12-18T17:55:58.544Z]	<burn>	This is the crux of the "Interop" question we heard at the workshop
[2018-12-18T17:56:03.240Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... that can be secure
[2018-12-18T17:56:15.804Z]	<samchase>	q+
[2018-12-18T17:56:22.510Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... Interop comes up BECAUSE we chose not to stipulate one DID for all
[2018-12-18T17:56:36.759Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack moses
[2018-12-18T17:56:41.500Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack Moses
[2018-12-18T17:56:42.973Z]	<samchase>	interop has to be incentivized.
[2018-12-18T17:57:03.944Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Moses: revenue models brainstorming-- DID Business Models does sound better
[2018-12-18T17:57:10.061Z]	<samchase>	No DID anything it's not a business
[2018-12-18T17:57:18.563Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... will share a link to the great work in the brainstorming (DM to get that from Moses)
[2018-12-18T17:57:19.312Z]	<samchase>	it's a standard that opens doors for new markets
[2018-12-18T17:57:32.439Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack samchase
[2018-12-18T17:57:36.139Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... follow-up in January , invited ____ <<-- name?
[2018-12-18T17:57:46.479Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Sam: Interop
[2018-12-18T17:57:54.833Z]	<John_BCGov>	happy holidays everyone ... see you in 2019!
[2018-12-18T17:58:02.790Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... this index will work somewhat like the internet archive
[2018-12-18T17:58:21.988Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... will each entity help pay for sustaining the interoperability?
[2018-12-18T17:58:27.747Z]	<Moses>	Let me know if you want the recording link for the DID monetization/business model brainstorming call.
[2018-12-18T17:58:29.160Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: No discussion at that level
[2018-12-18T17:58:34.443Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... they do each charge something
[2018-12-18T17:58:39.679Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Sam: I suggest this approach
[2018-12-18T17:58:54.279Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... setting sustainable costing would be helpful
[2018-12-18T17:59:02.562Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Chris: We can add that to agendas next year
[2018-12-18T17:59:09.927Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Agenda: Plus and Delta
[2018-12-18T17:59:16.490Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... no time for audio
[2018-12-18T17:59:27.212Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... put into IRC highlights (BIG PLUS)
[2018-12-18T17:59:33.492Z]	<heathervescent>	Could we do a survey, where people could submit appreciative and critical feedback anon?
[2018-12-18T17:59:37.122Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	... or changes you would like to see
[2018-12-18T17:59:41.288Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	+1 to survey !
[2018-12-18T17:59:48.748Z]	<manu>	Plus - we doubled the size of the community and met tons of new great people as a result!
[2018-12-18T17:59:52.482Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	@sam it might be worth checking out the Veres One financial model. The net net is that each method advocate has their own business questions to answer
[2018-12-18T17:59:55.825Z]	<heathervescent>	Plus can then send to the list.
[2018-12-18T18:00:04.040Z]	<heathervescent>	I will volunteer to create/run the survey
[2018-12-18T18:00:34.993Z]	<heathervescent>	I am the data/researcher master. ;-)
[2018-12-18T18:00:50.745Z]	<samchase>	+1 for survey
[2018-12-18T18:01:08.728Z]	<heathervescent>	My pleasure
[2018-12-18T18:01:14.559Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	+1 chairs run clear meetings, with clear agenda, goals, rules of engagement
[2018-12-18T18:01:38.860Z]	<samchase>	Thanks Heather!!
[2018-12-18T18:01:43.659Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	That's a wrap for 2018!!! Thanks, Everyone!
[2018-12-18T18:01:44.651Z]	<burn>	Good job, Chairs!
[2018-12-18T18:01:56.412Z]	<chrisboscolo>	+100 to the thanks for the chairs
[2018-12-18T18:01:56.859Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	Ditto
[2018-12-18T18:02:04.320Z]	<samchase>	You guys have really been a highlight in my year!
[2018-12-18T18:02:05.498Z]	<Moses>	Happy holidays!
[2018-12-18T18:02:05.874Z]	<samchase>	thanks
[2018-12-18T18:02:10.280Z]	<manu>	+1 hooray for Chairs!
[2018-12-18T18:02:37.908Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2018-12-18T18:02:40.819Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 20f
[2018-12-18T18:02:44.191Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 210
[2018-12-18T18:02:46.050Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 214
[2018-12-18T18:02:48.140Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 21d
[2018-12-18T18:02:48.884Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 21e
[2018-12-18T18:02:51.628Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 221
[2018-12-18T18:02:55.417Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 226
[2018-12-18T18:02:58.817Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 229
[2018-12-18T18:03:00.427Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 22a
[2018-12-18T18:03:01.511Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 22b
