[Tue 12:05:08] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Oct/0015.html
[Tue 12:05:08] <manu>	scribe: rgrant
[Tue 12:05:08] <manu>	Topic: Introductions and Reintroductions
[Tue 12:05:33] <manu>	Jarlath: Hi, my name is Jarlath O'Carroll, I founded a company called Jobspeaker 8 years ago. We help college students help get jobs with colleges and employers. There are some interesting overlaps with what we do and what this group is doing.
[Tue 12:05:49] *	manu has changed the topic to: The W3C Credentials Community Group Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Oct/0015.html
[Tue 12:06:10] <lionel>	voip: not sure which sip is mine (lionel)
[Tue 12:06:10] <voip-ccg>	Unknown command: not sure which sip is mine (lionel)
[Tue 12:06:20] <squarfed>	voip: 4f7 is squarfed
[Tue 12:06:20] <voip-ccg>	Associated squarfed with SIP/69.65.34.216-000004f7.
[Tue 12:07:24] <manu>	Topic: New DID Spec PR
[Tue 12:07:25] <manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/22
[Tue 12:07:29] <kimhd>	human readable: https://msporny.github.io/did-spec/
[Tue 12:07:35] <voip-ccg>	BrentZ [SIP/10.4.1.108-000004f8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:07:46] *	dlongley DavidC, do you think you'll be able to join the call somehow?
[Tue 12:08:02] <voip-ccg>	BrentZ [SIP/10.4.1.108-000004f8] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:08:12] <rgrant>	manu: pull request has 22 commits, deals with multiple things...
[Tue 12:08:37] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:08:37] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:08:58] <rgrant>	...modifications to spec where consensus was found (at RWOT)
[Tue 12:08:58] <manu>	Human readable version: https://msporny.github.io/did-spec/
[Tue 12:09:46] *	dlongley have you tried both with and without a proxy SIP account?
[Tue 12:09:50] <rgrant>	...terminology now updated (unlike prior work which was just based on examples)
[Tue 12:10:20] <voip-ccg>	Michael Lodder [SIP/evernym.onsip.com-000004f9] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:10:33] <voip-ccg>	15593214233 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004fa] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:10:37] <rgrant>	q+ have not had opportunity to read language changes to match perceived consent
[Tue 12:10:37] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been added to the queue: rgrant
[Tue 12:11:01] <kimhd>	ack rgrant
[Tue 12:11:01] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has the floor (have not had opportunity to read language changes to match perceived consent).
[Tue 12:11:06] <BrentZ>	voip: 4fa is BrentZ
[Tue 12:11:06] <voip-ccg>	Associated BrentZ with SIP/69.65.34.216-000004fa.
[Tue 12:11:31] <kimhd>	rgrant: how many people have had time to read wording?
[Tue 12:11:40] *	dlongley DavidC: we can't call you and bring you into the call
[Tue 12:12:20] <rgrant>	rgrant: I can volunteer to review
[Tue 12:12:37] <rgrant>	manu: looking for other volunteers.  Timeframe Tuesday.
[Tue 12:12:38] *	dlongley the only other thing i know to try with SIP is disabling the proxy account (<you>@sip.linphone.org) and direct connecting ... otherwise maybe you can figure out the skype dial pad issue
[Tue 12:13:30] <manu>	Volunteers to review... Kim, Christopher, Drummond, Ryan
[Tue 12:13:41] <rgrant>	kimhd: confirms deadline one week, and looking for volunteers
[Tue 12:14:00] <rgrant>	kimhd: there is a polyfill issue with claims signing
[Tue 12:14:21] <rgrant>	kimhd: looking for a way to get David Chadwick into call
[Tue 12:14:27] *	mike-lodder (~mike-lodder@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:14:56] <rgrant>	dlongley: David Chadwick was scheduled to talk about his protocol, so this is unfortunate
[Tue 12:15:01] <mosesma>	q+
[Tue 12:15:01] <voip-ccg>	mosesma has been added to the queue: mosesma
[Tue 12:15:15] <mosesma>	I can update on verifiable news
[Tue 12:15:42] <manu>	Topic: Verifiable News
[Tue 12:15:45] <kimhd>	ack mosesma
[Tue 12:15:45] <voip-ccg>	mosesma has the floor.
[Tue 12:16:32] <rgrant>	mosesma: Verifiable News has a Table of Contents, people are working on it.  "smaller" group of eight people will release first draft, which will then be shared for wider comments.
[Tue 12:16:56] <manu>	q+ to note that we've volunteered Moses or Ed Bice.
[Tue 12:16:56] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:17:09] <rgrant>	mosesma: plan is to have draft ready for W3C Technical Plenary
[Tue 12:17:36] <kimhd>	ack manu
[Tue 12:17:36] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to note that we've volunteered Moses or Ed Bice.).
[Tue 12:17:46] <rgrant>	mosesma: I have joined a VC firm - stark capital, one focus is verifiable claims.
[Tue 12:18:28] <rgrant>	manu: VC WG discussion debriefing
[Tue 12:18:46] <rgrant>	manu: confirms Ed and Moses will be there.
[Tue 12:19:26] <rgrant>	burn: discussion of agenda for W3C, can put Verifiable News on there
[Tue 12:20:11] <rgrant>	manu: first proposal will not have VCs
[Tue 12:20:32] <rgrant>	manu: is recapping discussion with Ed and Sandro
[Tue 12:21:05] <rgrant>	mosesma: clarifies that the whitepaper is an overview, where VCs are appropriate
[Tue 12:21:28] <rgrant>	kimhd: asks how much time Verifiable News needs at TPAC
[Tue 12:21:48] *	cdchapman has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:22:00] <mosesma>	yes, the first pass at a spec won't REQUIRE verifiable claims, but the white paper will heavily recommend them
[Tue 12:22:36] <mosesma>	I'll work with Ed to ensure a presence at TPAC
[Tue 12:22:44] <rgrant>	Topic: W3C TPAC Planning
[Tue 12:22:44] <rgrant>	manu: priorities: IIW, RWOT, ID2020 ideas migrate to more specified experiements, then W3C/IETF takes it further.
[Tue 12:23:11] <rgrant>	manu: VC WG will need later work, and the job is to message what that future work will be.
[Tue 12:23:16] *	kimhd mosesma I think so
[Tue 12:24:02] <rgrant>	manu: next generation stuff includes getting VC (now a polyfill) into browser track.  need for bigger story.  plus an item that i missed.
[Tue 12:24:25] <burn>	yes, need to prepare for how VCWG might/should extend once data model is done.
[Tue 12:24:54] <rgrant>	manu: W3C is doing stuff with web payments, and we're working with SSI.  one story to weave is "what happens when these all get put together"
[Tue 12:25:11] <rgrant>	manu: could be an hour-long Unconference session
[Tue 12:25:52] *	luca has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:25:53] <rgrant>	manu: then we bring that to W3C membership, and give them a heads up as to what we might want to start working groups on
[Tue 12:26:06] <rgrant>	manu: Question to this group is does that sound like a good direction?
[Tue 12:26:22] <dlongley>	+1 sounds great to me
[Tue 12:26:27] <rgrant>	kimhd: poll for high level thoughts
[Tue 12:26:53] <rgrant>	kimhd: we can summarize this to the rest of the group through the mailing list
[Tue 12:27:31] <rgrant>	manu: other good thing would be to have the other chairs VC WG, CCG, at the event to demonstrate momentum.
[Tue 12:27:41] <rgrant>	kimhd: suggestions for next week's agenda?
[Tue 12:27:54] <rgrant>	kimhd: suggestion for DID followup
[Tue 12:28:01] <rgrant>	...(post IIW))
[Tue 12:28:03] <dlongley>	+1 for Credential Handler API if we can get David Chadwick on the call
[Tue 12:28:37] <DavidC>	q+
[Tue 12:28:37] <voip-ccg>	DavidC has been added to the queue: DavidC
[Tue 12:28:57] <dlongley>	ack DavidC
[Tue 12:28:57] <voip-ccg>	DavidC has the floor.
[Tue 12:29:00] <rgrant>	kimhd: still trying to get David Chadwick's work in front of the group, to unblock his work
[Tue 12:29:03] <DavidC>	I cant get on the call today as I am travelling, but I will sent a post a ppt to the list
[Tue 12:29:15] *	simmondp has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:29:16] <DavidC>	that gives a demo of the VC apps that we have built
[Tue 12:29:29] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:29:29] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:29:36] <voip-ccg>	Global Identity Foundation [SIP/78.147.230.115-000004f3] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:29:38] <mosesma>	thanks everyone see y'all next week
[Tue 12:29:38] <DavidC>	Thanks Moses, will do
[Tue 12:29:44] <voip-ccg>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000004ec] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:29:44] <rgrant>	kimhd: early wrapup.  thanks everyone!
[Tue 12:29:44] <voip-ccg>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000004ef] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:29:46] *	mosesma has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:29:47] *	mike-lodder has quit ("Leaving")
[Tue 12:29:48] <voip-ccg>	Michael Lodder [SIP/evernym.onsip.com-000004f9] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:29:53] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:29:53] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: 393299043511 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004d5], 393299043511 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004d9], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000004e0], kimhd [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004e1], Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000004e3], rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004e4], 14153505140 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004ea], 14155694979 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004ed], mosesma [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004f1], DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004f5], squarfed
[Tue 12:29:53] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-000004f7], BrentZ [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004fa].
[Tue 12:29:57] *	squarfed has quit ("Leaving")
[Tue 12:29:58] <manu>	voip: disconnect 4d5
[Tue 12:29:59] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting 393299043511 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004d5].
[Tue 12:29:59] <voip-ccg>	393299043511 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004d5] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:30:01] <voip-ccg>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000004e0] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:30:01] <manu>	voip: disconnect 4d9
[Tue 12:30:01] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting 393299043511 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004d9].
[Tue 12:30:01] <voip-ccg>	393299043511 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004d9] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:30:05] <manu>	voip: disconnect 4e0
[Tue 12:30:07] *	burn has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:30:07] <voip-ccg>	Failed to disconnect "4e0"; unrecognized channel.
[Tue 12:30:11] <manu>	voip: disconnect 4e1
[Tue 12:30:11] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting kimhd [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004e1].
[Tue 12:30:11] <voip-ccg>	kimhd [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004e1] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:30:15] <manu>	voip: disconnect 4e3
[Tue 12:30:15] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000004e3].
[Tue 12:30:15] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000004e3] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:30:16] <manu>	voip: disconnect 4e4
[Tue 12:30:16] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004e4].
[Tue 12:30:16] <voip-ccg>	rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004e4] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:30:17] *	rgrant has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:30:20] <manu>	voip: disconnect 4ea
[Tue 12:30:20] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting 14153505140 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004ea].
[Tue 12:30:20] <voip-ccg>	14153505140 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004ea] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:30:20] *	BrentZ has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:30:21] <manu>	voip: disconnect 4ed
[Tue 12:30:21] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting 14155694979 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004ed].
[Tue 12:30:21] <voip-ccg>	14155694979 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004ed] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:30:25] <manu>	voip: disconnect 4f1
[Tue 12:30:25] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting mosesma [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004f1].
[Tue 12:30:25] <voip-ccg>	mosesma [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004f1] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:30:28] <manu>	voip: disconnect 4f5
[Tue 12:30:29] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004f5].
[Tue 12:30:29] <voip-ccg>	DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004f5] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:30:31] <manu>	voip: disconnect 4f7
[Tue 12:30:31] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting squarfed [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004f7].
[Tue 12:30:31] <voip-ccg>	squarfed [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004f7] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:30:38] <manu>	voip: disconnect 4fa
[Tue 12:30:38] <voip-ccg>	Disconnecting BrentZ [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004fa].
[Tue 12:30:38] <voip-ccg>	BrentZ [SIP/69.65.34.216-000004fa] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:30:38] <voip-ccg>	No one is in the conference.
[Tue 12:30:38] *	voip-ccg has quit ("Shutting down...")
[Tue 12:34:29] *	DavidC has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:38:14] *	voip-ccg (~voipbot@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:38:15] <voip-ccg>	Conference started.
[Tue 12:38:15] <voip-ccg>	luca boldrin [SIP/2001:0:5ef5:79fd:2418:1181:68cc:94d5-000004fc] is in the conference.
[Tue 12:38:16] <voip-ccg>	luca boldrin [SIP/2001:0:5ef5:79fd:2418:1181:68cc:94d5-000004fc] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:38:44] <voip-ccg>	luca boldrin [SIP/2001:0:5ef5:79fd:2418:1181:68cc:94d5-000004fc] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:38:44] <voip-ccg>	No one is in the conference.
[Tue 12:38:44] *	voip-ccg has quit ("Shutting down...")
[Tue 12:39:15] *	luca (~luca@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:40:32] *	luca has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:40:39] *	cdchapman (~cdchapman@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:40:39] *	jarlath has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:40:42] *	voip-ccg (~voipbot@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:40:43] <voip-ccg>	Conference started.
[Tue 12:40:43] <voip-ccg>	luca boldrin [SIP/2001:0:5ef5:79fd:2418:1181:68cc:94d5-000004fd] is in the conference.
[Tue 12:40:44] <voip-ccg>	luca boldrin [SIP/2001:0:5ef5:79fd:2418:1181:68cc:94d5-000004fd] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:40:46] *	luca (~luca@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:40:56] *	luca has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:41:06] *	luca (~luca@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:41:12] <voip-ccg>	luca boldrin [SIP/2001:0:5ef5:79fd:2418:1181:68cc:94d5-000004fd] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:41:12] <voip-ccg>	No one is in the conference.
[Tue 12:41:12] *	voip-ccg has quit ("Shutting down...")
[Tue 12:41:21] *	lionel has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
