[Tue 11:06:46] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015May/0030.html
[Tue 11:06:58] <SLee>	scribe: SLee
[Tue 11:06:58] <SLee>	Manu: Our agenda for today - Discussion around recruiting doc
[Tue 11:07:01] <SLee>	Manu: Brian put together straw
[Tue 11:07:07] <SLee>	Manu: Update on cred mgmt api
[Tue 11:07:14] <SLee>	Manu: graph normalization update, any other updates to agenda.
[Tue 11:07:20] <voip-cr>	dlehn [SIP/10.0.0.7-00000212] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:07:31] *	dlongley taaz knows the details ... but you should be able to connect to something like sip.digitalbazaar.com instead of opencreds.org (something like that...)
[Tue 11:07:50] *	elf-pavlik dlongley, taaz please don't worry, i'll try to sort it out before next week call :)
[Tue 11:07:52] <manu>	Topic: Recruiting document (non-W3C member)
[Tue 11:07:54] *	dlongley ok
[Tue 11:08:00] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sIMtVYYCeMeuunv-4gsVsldGlWJZ1RyjmnxOVJEjXiE/edit
[Tue 11:08:14] <SLee>	bsletten: extrapolated from points richard made
[Tue 11:08:24] <SLee>	...wanted to create narrative around why this is interesting
[Tue 11:08:47] <SLee>	bsletten: need for credentials, that w3c shoud take lead and support community group that would lead into working group
[Tue 11:09:05] <SLee>	bsletten: wanted to get material out there that we can turn into tight outward facing doc
[Tue 11:09:14] <SLee>	manu: thank you for putting that together
[Tue 11:09:20] <SLee>	manu: next step to put some headers on it
[Tue 11:09:22] <NateOtto>	Thanks, bsletten_ for making this happen. Always easier to move forward when you have some text together.
[Tue 11:09:27] <SLee>	manu: may want to shuffle order around a tiny bit
[Tue 11:09:43] <SLee>	manu: what richard said last week is in a different order, that ordering might work better
[Tue 11:10:05] <SLee>	manu: but core of the content is in there, @richard can you put this in the ordering you think might be more effective?
[Tue 11:10:15] <SLee>	manu: has anyone else been able to take a look at the doc yet?
[Tue 11:10:19] <SLee>	manu: any feedback or input?
[Tue 11:10:52] *	dlongley James Anderson is speaking
[Tue 11:10:55] <SLee>	anderson: concern is understanding implications
[Tue 11:11:10] <SLee>	manu: we should 've done an intro for you
[Tue 11:11:24] <SLee>	manu: if you and arto can provide a brief intro shortly after
[Tue 11:11:31] <manu>	voip: connection?
[Tue 11:11:32] <voip-cr>	Unknown command: connection?
[Tue 11:11:33] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:11:34] <voip-cr>	Conference participants are: Arto [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000202], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000204], Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000205], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000206], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000207], Kerri Lemoie [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000209], JamesAnderson [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000208], Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000020c], Sunny [SIP/142.136.76.105-0000020f], Richard [SIP/69.71.222.196-00000211], 16617480240 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000021
[Tue 11:11:34] <voip-cr>	[SIP/69.71.222.196-00000216].
[Tue 11:11:40] <SLee>	manu: we have 2 new joiners: laura fowler
[Tue 11:11:57] <manu>	voip: 216 is LFowler
[Tue 11:11:58] <voip-cr>	Associated LFowler with SIP/69.71.222.196-00000216.
[Tue 11:11:58] <SLee>	manu: any other feedback for bsletten_ ?
[Tue 11:12:16] <NateOtto>	I'll take a read through this week and put in any comments I might have.
[Tue 11:12:21] <SLee>	manu: bsletten_ maybe you and i can chat about what the headings should be and general narrative
[Tue 11:12:32] <SLee>	manu: think 80% is there, rest is shuffling and trying to tighten the narrative up
[Tue 11:12:46] <SLee>	manu: anything else on recruiting doc for non w3c members before next agenda item?
[Tue 11:12:47] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to James and Arto
[Tue 11:12:50] *	rob (~rob@pool-100-8-97-177.nwrknj.fios.verizon.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:13:09] *	rtrainer has quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)
[Tue 11:13:11] <SLee>	james: we are a RDF cloud storage service
[Tue 11:13:14] *	rob is now known as Guest19598
[Tue 11:13:15] *	Guest19598 is now known as rtrainer
[Tue 11:13:26] <SLee>	...have been operating for several years providng turn key, sparkle and various services
[Tue 11:13:49] <SLee>	james: to add to james, storage architecture is based on content addressable design
[Tue 11:14:00] <SLee>	...ultimately it's all about hashes for us.
[Tue 11:14:09] *	elf-pavlik http://dydra.com i guess
[Tue 11:14:22] <SLee>	manu: thanks for the intro. very very interested in the same thing. the hashes are necessary.
[Tue 11:14:23] <voip-cr>	David I. Lehn [SIP/10.0.0.7-00000219] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:14:56] <SLee>	manu: if we're going to express things in linked data need to sign it
[Tue 11:15:49] <SLee>	manu: hashing data is vitally important to the work we're doing. we have over the past, created hashing algorithm that very closely mirrors the research paper that greg just pointed us to. which is great since we have been operating under assumption that there is sound math behind it.
[Tue 11:15:50] <gkellogg>	http://aidanhogan.com/docs/skolems_blank_nodes_www.pdf
[Tue 11:16:05] <SLee>	manu: we were proven correct. shows we've been on the right path. this is aiden hogan's work.
[Tue 11:16:27] <SLee>	manu: getting rdf graph normalization has been a challenge at w3c, they don't understand the underpinning work isn't there yet.
[Tue 11:16:40] <SLee>	manu: assumption that signature mechanism is already in place.
[Tue 11:17:03] <SLee>	manu: really interested in having james and arto in this group since you have deep domain expertise
[Tue 11:17:38] <SLee>	manu: does this work align with what you've thought?
[Tue 11:17:45] <SLee>	arto: yes wev'e been discussing with greg too.
[Tue 11:18:01] <SLee>	manu: any qs for Arto and James before next topic?
[Tue 11:18:26] <SLee>	manu: you said that oyu're doing content addressable data, which is fantastic, do you have your own normalization algorithm you're using and if so is it public?
[Tue 11:18:53] <SLee>	Arto: we've been relaying on published work, dont' have anything on our own. We hope to publish more this year. Think this group would be a great venue for that.
[Tue 11:18:57] <SLee>	manu: are you working with david booth?
[Tue 11:19:05] <SLee>	James: not working directly with David Booth
[Tue 11:19:45] <manu>	Topic: Graph Normalization Update
[Tue 11:20:11] <SLee>	gkellogg: what i know about james and arto's work which is true of other rdf sparkle type stores, they make use of persistent stable identifier blank nodes they use within system that allows you to serialize and deserialize
[Tue 11:20:46] <SLee>	gkellogg: one way to creaet skolemn ids, rdf 1.1 notion is create a uri, so you can reliably get back and forth between something well known and something that is blanks
[Tue 11:21:03] *	dlongley skolem
[Tue 11:21:09] <voip-cr>	Kerri Lemoie [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000209] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:21:17] <SLee>	...whereas the noramlization tendsn to solve this problem outside of any context of storing or making these blank nodes stable. different approaches to dealing with problems with domain well known or not
[Tue 11:22:01] <voip-cr>	16617480240 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000021a] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:22:05] <SLee>	gkellogg: workign on normalization doc that desribed this use case, if blank node identifiers are stable you can do reasonable diff
[Tue 11:22:15] <SLee>	...as dlongley pointed out in his response, many cases in which it won'nt work
[Tue 11:22:31] <dlongley>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015May/0032.html
[Tue 11:22:57] <kerri_lemoie>	voip: 21a is kerri_lemoie
[Tue 11:22:58] <voip-cr>	Associated kerri_lemoie with SIP/69.71.222.196-0000021a.
[Tue 11:23:30] <SLee>	gkellogg: if there was some way to limit algorithm to least number of statements required to create stable signature and that were done in reliable way, that might be better but that's just speculation
[Tue 11:23:44] <SLee>	manu: rest of the folks on the call that have never talked about rdf normalization your eyes are probably glazed over
[Tue 11:24:01] <SLee>	manu: gkellogg is saying a bunch of very important things. This work is incredibly technical in nature
[Tue 11:24:30] <SLee>	...rdf graph normalization stuff itself. right people to work on it are gkellogg dlongley james and Arto, we're trying to get w3c to create separate group
[Tue 11:25:06] <SLee>	manu: this is super low level work with very specific skillset, we're trying to create a separate group to work on this to discuss issues gkellogg just brought up and focus on that with the right people in the room
[Tue 11:25:25] <SLee>	manu: before we move on, moved graph normalization up on agenda,
[Tue 11:25:30] <gkellogg>	http://json-ld.github.io/normalization/spec/
[Tue 11:25:31] <SLee>	gkellogg: the spec has a new home
[Tue 11:25:48] <SLee>	gkellogg: have made changes, originally lived in jsonld.org repo along with other jsonld docs
[Tue 11:26:09] <SLee>	gkellogg: now in same org for lack of a better place but separate normalization repo which includes spec and test cases and home for other things going forward.
[Tue 11:26:59] <SLee>	gkellogg: what you see when you look at spec, it's relatively unchanged except uses new capabilities of respec and did some renaming. have separate branch to work on use cases and general motivations, would like to walk through examples of how algorithm work and restate algorithm in more normative language
[Tue 11:27:18] <SLee>	gkellogg: quite a lot of work to do. think it needs to rapidly move into different form. this exceeds bandwidth for this group
[Tue 11:27:28] <SLee>	gkellogg: maybe have parallel set of calls as this advances.
[Tue 11:27:33] <SLee>	manu: thank you very much for this work.
[Tue 11:27:35] <dlongley>	+1 to all of gregg's work
[Tue 11:27:41] <SLee>	manu: moving this out of jsonld is the right thing to do
[Tue 11:27:43] <NateOtto>	Thanks for advancing normalization in code, gkellogg!
[Tue 11:27:55] <SLee>	manu: as far as where we continue the discussion, trying to get feedback from phil on what we should be doing
[Tue 11:28:21] <SLee>	manu: maybe gkellogg you and i can work on phil. have another call with w3x mgmt today, will probably be more aggressive in advocating for separate group
[Tue 11:29:12] <SLee>	manu: generally they've been supportive of creating such a group. convincing the w3c membership to create the group is a fairly monumental task. need to have pow wow with phil and maybe security folks and maybe other linked data folks at w3c if they can fast track some of this work
[Tue 11:29:16] <SLee>	manu: anything else?
[Tue 11:29:41] <SLee>	gkellogg: have own implementaion of this algorithm that passes the test. thanks so much dlongley for your help. have identified issues in 2012 version of the graph normalization
[Tue 11:29:58] <SLee>	gkellogg: haven't heard if results we're now using for dataset normalization matches up with dave's work.
[Tue 11:30:01] <SLee>	...it works, it's now stable
[Tue 11:30:19] <SLee>	dlongley: haven' had the chance to update to 2015 or make that an option it's not a lot of work, just need to put aside some time.
[Tue 11:30:33] <SLee>	manu: we have 2 interoepratble implementations. this is huge.
[Tue 11:30:37] <SLee>	manu: anything else?
[Tue 11:30:47] <SLee>	manu: have one more recruiting thing i forgot to mention
[Tue 11:31:04] <SLee>	manu: gkellogg whta do you think next steps are?
[Tue 11:31:15] <SLee>	manu:  we need to figure out where we might want to move this work other than the credentials group
[Tue 11:31:42] <SLee>	gkellogg: there is plenty of evidence given the volumen of mail on the normalization topic. this list as well as semantic web that there is broad interest in this. there is previous work but none has resulted in a spec.
[Tue 11:31:56] <SLee>	... Tim Berners-Lee has chimed in with his own work
[Tue 11:32:27] <SLee>	gkellogg: we'd benefit from more collaborator in a dedicated form.
[Tue 11:32:36] <SLee>	gkellogg: do think we need to fast track something like this going through
[Tue 11:33:17] <manu>	Topic: Recruiting W3C Members
[Tue 11:33:38] <SLee>	manu: spent better part of last week sending out, went through 400 w3c members
[Tue 11:33:55] <SLee>	manu: picked out those that would be influenced by our work and sent them collateral
[Tue 11:34:13] <SLee>	manu: we've got 140 orgs that we're waiting to hear back from, a number of them have responded, most in an positive way.
[Tue 11:34:39] <SLee>	manu: questions?
[Tue 11:35:02] *	dlongley thanks, manu!
[Tue 11:35:13] <manu>	Topic: Credential Management API Extension (update)
[Tue 11:35:28] <SLee>	manu: i forget when that went out, was that last thursday? did we takl about th eproposal
[Tue 11:35:35] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tI0CJ4wAKKPQacrxOmTtl_GQUBeVtbg8e1ZSXs2SWag/edit
[Tue 11:35:39] <SLee>	dlongley: think we gave everyone access to the doc...actually not sure
[Tue 11:35:57] <SLee>	dlongley: this is the doc that we wrote about details about extension of cred mgmt api
[Tue 11:36:02] <SLee>	...gotten some comments back from Mike West
[Tue 11:36:12] <SLee>	dlongley: we'll have to get on a call with him soon
[Tue 11:36:32] <SLee>	manu: in general he seems interested in what we're trying to say
[Tue 11:36:41] <SLee>	manu: feeling positive about workign with him
[Tue 11:37:19] <SLee>	manu: same origin means only website browser api should only be the website they are on
[Tue 11:37:39] <SLee>	manu: if you're on google shouldn't be able to reach over to yahoo and reach over and get data and send over to google
[Tue 11:37:50] <SLee>	manu: CORS, javascript files, break this model
[Tue 11:38:02] <SLee>	manu: in general security model for web is same origin, so we're getting pushback
[Tue 11:38:24] <SLee>	manu: x created on website A, stored on website B, delivered on website 3
[Tue 11:38:24] <elf-pavlik>	http://www.w3.org/TR/cors/
[Tue 11:38:49] <SLee>	manu: biggest pushback is over same origin cross origin issue, think we can make good arguments against cross origin.
[Tue 11:39:08] <SLee>	manu: mainly because that's how things function in the real world. think there are good set of arguments against cross origin.
[Tue 11:39:31] <SLee>	manu: 2nd biggest pushback: why is this any different than OAuth and SAML
[Tue 11:40:04] <SLee>	manu: openID connect is superprovide centric, meaning works well with google, twiter
[Tue 11:40:37] <SLee>	manu: respons to SAML, tried and failed, number of deficiencies come from using xml, not really following architecture of the web, while it does work, not successful in being deployed
[Tue 11:40:51] <SLee>	manu: but need to formalize those reponses and put in blog post or paper
[Tue 11:40:59] <SLee>	manu: questions on cred mgmt api?
[Tue 11:42:35] <SLee>	...who is this speaking?
[Tue 11:42:51] *	dlongley Richard Varn
[Tue 11:43:33] <SLee>	manu: there are about 15 things we care about in securitng cross origin. this makes everyoen really nervous. you've mentioend 2 of them. one is there are 300 certificate authorities, including us govt and china
[Tue 11:44:08] <SLee>	manu: and us allows certificates that allow snooping. not secure from that perspective, the other perspective it that there are other places it might be ok to not be secure. If you're loading a page in cascading style sheet
[Tue 11:44:33] <SLee>	...if someone injects in there, they might mess up your stylesheet, but not that high stakes.
[Tue 11:45:03] <SLee>	manu: there are people that use css to do things. someone can use css or javascript timers to read exactly what you'er looking at with an enormous amount of accuracy
[Tue 11:45:24] <SLee>	manu: security on the web is broken in specific ways but in the ways it's broken fairly well known what the attacks are
[Tue 11:45:32] <SLee>	Richard: understand what you'er saying
[Tue 11:46:02] <SLee>	manu: short of it is: if you want to do cross origin, that's great, you're going to create an enormous amount of work and we'd rather not do tht work because we're not convinced the upside is that great.
[Tue 11:47:22] <SLee>	manu: the way we can express it is protocol agnostic
[Tue 11:47:43] *	gkellogg that was Arto.
[Tue 11:47:50] <SLee>	manu: think we're not going to be able to propose something solid
[Tue 11:48:16] <SLee>	arto: expect web is primary use cases, have seen other important channels emerging. very interesting in crypto currency
[Tue 11:48:41] <SLee>	manu: they're actually reusing jsonld for ipfs for content addressable stuff. have experimental proofs on how it can work
[Tue 11:49:05] <SLee>	manu: how will these protocols integrate with the web or run in parallel with the web. don't think we can resovle these before we create credential group
[Tue 11:49:16] <manu>	Topic: Use Cases
[Tue 11:49:26] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GySrTXAYpwa4vDPsGE3BMA42FwIAqAyLGigKuKUTGks/edit
[Tue 11:49:36] <SLee>	manu: saw kerri_lemoie and NateOtto in use cases doc. update on this?
[Tue 11:50:04] <SLee>	NateOtto: credentials use cases doc uses pretty good. added intro sentence. only new content along with minor suggestions.
[Tue 11:50:27] <SLee>	NateOtto: think it's looking fairly complete over all, just a couple questions here and there that can probably get resolved quickly
[Tue 11:50:53] <SLee>	manu: think main concern is do we think we've covered all the use cases that we want to have covered in v1.1. answering this question is what will tell us whether we can start diving in
[Tue 11:51:16] <SLee>	kerri: one area where we can use some work is revoking.
[Tue 11:51:29] <SLee>	kerri: added motivation and we can put in some use cases there.
[Tue 11:51:46] <SLee>	manu: one thing we may also do is get someone do an accessibility review.
[Tue 11:52:03] <SLee>	... Paciello Group can help do a review of accessibility
[Tue 11:52:25] <SLee>	manu: may not want to request review until we're done with full editorial pass
[Tue 11:52:58] <SLee>	kerri_lemoie: question regarding exceptions on top of page 8
[Tue 11:53:28] <SLee>	manu: will go through and look at all comments and try and resolve a number of them this week sincen comms is out to w3c members.
[Tue 11:53:36] <SLee>	manu: what do you think next steps are?
[Tue 11:54:17] <SLee>	manu: credentials in the real world section, want to talk about workforce training, credentila operations, issuing, revoking, managing, etc.
[Tue 11:54:25] <SLee>	NateOtto: are you aiming to tell a story here?
[Tue 11:54:33] <SLee>	manu: if you look at the webpayments use cases
[Tue 11:54:46] <manu>	http://www.w3.org/TR/2015/WD-web-payments-use-cases-20150416/#additional-examples-of-the-payment-phases
[Tue 11:55:18] <SLee>	manu: there's example of really tight stories. payments are a bit easier to talk about it since payments have a flow. but it's just a one sentence description of what's done rather than longer narratives.
[Tue 11:55:44] <SLee>	manu: what does a professional license look like when used on the web. we want to keep the narratives short and tight for each operation
[Tue 11:55:56] <SLee>	NateOtto: do you think any of that will be redundant with the previous section?
[Tue 11:57:03] <SLee>	manu: we would take this and weave it into a story or we can use a completely different story. we don't really talk about driver's license in the use cases.
[Tue 11:57:30] <SLee>	manu: can tell a story of the driver's license througouth the entire use cases, issuing, managing, revoking.
[Tue 11:57:44] <SLee>	NateOtto: will put some time this week.
[Tue 11:58:14] <SLee>	manu: the other thing that's been really helpful is, web payments group is 3 - 4 months ahead of us, that's helped lay out a clear path for us.
[Tue 11:58:48] <SLee>	manu:  after use cases now workign on requirements derived from use cases, and capabilities required by web platform to make use cases a reailty. use cases are broad, capabilities are broad, then road map is specific.
[Tue 11:59:45] <SLee>	manu: mentioing this to remind us that we still have a lot of work but the ordering of it feels clear. having a chat with w3c about credentinling and how we're creating the group. we're proposing to w3c mgmt how crednentails fits into the work they're doing already.
[Tue 11:59:59] <SLee>	manu: web payments group has decided credentials is vital to their work
[Tue 12:00:17] <SLee>	manu: need to coordinate with authentication group. the sooner we get through use cases etc the better positioned we are.
[Tue 12:00:49] <SLee>	manu:  if the cred wg charter is put to vote, it'll be spetember, when sept rolls aorund, we should have these docs doen: use cases, requirements, capabilities, roadmaps, etc.
[Tue 12:01:23] <SLee>	manu: if we don't have docs done by then, we'll be in a holding pattern where an interest group tries to get the use cases done.
[Tue 12:01:41] <SLee>	manu:  i think getting use cases, requirements, capabilities and roadmpa is doable by september.
[Tue 12:01:46] <SLee>	manu: anything else on use cases?
[Tue 12:02:06] <SLee>	manu: anything else we should be aware of before call next week
[Tue 12:02:14] <bsletten>	I can help with the UC docs.
[Tue 12:02:17] <SLee>	manu: kerri_lemoie NateOtto SLee_ an di will focus on use cases.
[Tue 12:02:23] <NateOtto>	Thanks, all
[Tue 12:02:25] <SLee>	manu: thanks everyone
[Tue 12:02:25] <kerri>	Thanks
[Tue 12:02:25] <manu>	Present+ lehn, evgeny, laura, eric, rob
