[2019-09-10T15:56:21.606Z]	<brent>	present+ Brent_Zundel
[2019-09-10T15:58:52.487Z]	<TallTed>	present+ Ted_Thibodeau
[2019-09-10T16:01:14.342Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2019-09-10T16:01:15.674Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2019-09-10T16:01:17.584Z]	<wmclaxton>	present+
[2019-09-10T16:01:21.233Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ Joe_Andrieu
[2019-09-10T16:01:27.233Z]	<kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Sep/0029.html
[2019-09-10T16:03:02.934Z]	<yancy>	present+
[2019-09-10T16:03:22.391Z]	<Shivam_sethi>	Present+
[2019-09-10T16:03:23.558Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/join
[2019-09-10T16:03:38.886Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.w3.org/community/about/agreements/cla/
[2019-09-10T16:03:51.561Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2019-09-10T16:04:06.739Z]	<Justin_R>	present+
[2019-09-10T16:04:09.500Z]	<jonathan_holt>	present+ jonathan_holt
[2019-09-10T16:04:20.379Z]	<TallTed>	present+ Ted_Thibodeau
[2019-09-10T16:04:23.309Z]	<Orie>	present+
[2019-09-10T16:04:26.802Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2019-09-10T16:04:41.550Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-09-10T16:05:19.248Z]	<kimhd>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LkqZ10z7FeV3EgMIQEJ9achEYMzy1d_2S90Q_lQ0y8M/edit?usp=sharing)
[2019-09-10T16:06:22.088Z]	<yancy>	I can scribe
[2019-09-10T16:07:05.063Z]	<kimhd>	Scribe: yancy
[2019-09-10T16:07:39.883Z]	<kezike>	present+
[2019-09-10T16:07:42.899Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Introductions and Reintroduction
[2019-09-10T16:08:17.009Z]	<drummond>	present+
[2019-09-10T16:09:21.020Z]	<yancy>	Orie: Work at transmute and DID signatures
[2019-09-10T16:09:47.060Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Announcements & Reminders
[2019-09-10T16:09:55.880Z]	<yancy>	kimhd: still in the middle of identity month
[2019-09-10T16:10:08.202Z]	<yancy>	... still dedicated DID call on thursday
[2019-09-10T16:10:16.107Z]	<yancy>	drummond: where is markus
[2019-09-10T16:10:34.969Z]	<yancy>	... to clarify because it's a thing they will continue but just on resolution
[2019-09-10T16:10:42.500Z]	<yancy>	... cut down to one hour
[2019-09-10T16:10:51.440Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2019-09-10T16:10:57.460Z]	<yancy>	kimhd: dedicated on thursday
[2019-09-10T16:10:58.659Z]	<kimhd>	https://zoom.us/j/7077077007
[2019-09-10T16:11:11.021Z]	<yancy>	... time starts at 1pm pst
[2019-09-10T16:11:16.583Z]	<yancy>	... or 8pm utc
[2019-09-10T16:11:24.321Z]	<yancy>	... next event is TPAC
[2019-09-10T16:11:34.015Z]	<yancy>	... in dates in Japan
[2019-09-10T16:11:43.933Z]	<kimhd>	https://mydata2019.org/
[2019-09-10T16:11:45.265Z]	<yancy>	... next is my data in finland
[2019-09-10T16:11:55.049Z]	<yancy>	... will contain a DID workshop
[2019-09-10T16:12:07.224Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.eventbrite.com/e/internet-identity-workshop-iiwxxix-29-2019b-tickets-61880910469
[2019-09-10T16:12:08.062Z]	<yancy>	... and also there is IIW coming up
[2019-09-10T16:12:22.963Z]	<yancy>	... anything to add anyone?
[2019-09-10T16:12:50.780Z]	<yancy>	drummond: wants to make that folks understand the DID work going on is going to the DID WG
[2019-09-10T16:13:14.429Z]	<yancy>	... to join WG you need to be a W3C member
[2019-09-10T16:13:23.700Z]	<yancy>	... we'd love to have you
[2019-09-10T16:13:38.482Z]	<yancy>	kimhd: DID meetup and interop-athon
[2019-09-10T16:13:48.432Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	DID working group URL : https://www.w3.org/2019/did-wg/
[2019-09-10T16:13:54.044Z]	<yancy>	... basically an attempt to demo credentials and DIDs end to end
[2019-09-10T16:14:01.569Z]	<yancy>	... happening right before IIW
[2019-09-10T16:14:08.300Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Action Items
[2019-09-10T16:14:10.473Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/75
[2019-09-10T16:14:31.270Z]	<Orie>	DIF Interop Project: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/interop-project
[2019-09-10T16:14:47.075Z]	<yancy> kimhd: we have these registries and there has been a process to capture the process
[2019-09-10T16:15:05.276Z]	<yancy>	... if you're interested in contributing to an actual work item, this is a good chance to lead this
[2019-09-10T16:15:21.943Z]	<yancy>	... we are going to ping the group at a regular time
[2019-09-10T16:15:38.820Z]	<yancy>	... next to VC next steps
[2019-09-10T16:16:04.340Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Verifiable Credentials next steps
[2019-09-10T16:16:16.180Z]	<yancy>	kimhd: VC data model is W3C proposed recommendation.  great work Dan shepherding this stuff through.
[2019-09-10T16:16:34.890Z]	<yancy>	... there were some things discussed that needs to be taken on by the w3c group
[2019-09-10T16:16:49.840Z]	<yancy>	... what are the things we need to do in the ccg and vc post wg
[2019-09-10T16:16:58.964Z]	<heathervescent>  I meant to get on the queue to share an announcement. Can I grab a minute when there is a moment?
[2019-09-10T16:17:46.436Z]	<yancy>	heathervescent: wants to mention that non person entity report
[2019-09-10T16:17:58.953Z]	<yancy>	heathervescent: will be doing a SSI meetup
[2019-09-10T16:18:08.874Z]	<yancy>	... if you're interested in more information
[2019-09-10T16:18:17.835Z]	<yancy>	... there's one happening next week
[2019-09-10T16:18:59.885Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2019-09-10T16:19:03.602Z]	<heathervescent>	Here's the link to the SSI Meetup webinar where I will talk about the Gaps in Corporate and IoT identity that was funded by DHS S&T: https://ssimeetup.org/gaps-corporate-iot-identity-heather-vescent-webinar-35/
[2019-09-10T16:19:15.731Z]	<yancy>	JoeAndrieu: can share what was on the last call
[2019-09-10T16:19:26.830Z]	<yancy>	... it's wrapping up and no more phone calls
[2019-09-10T16:19:35.101Z]	<yancy>	... no more calls
[2019-09-10T16:19:54.247Z]	<yancy>	... we expect datamodel to be formal rec in 4 weeks
[2019-09-10T16:20:20.293Z]	<yancy>	... had several requests to maintain registries
[2019-09-10T16:20:57.680Z]	<yancy>	... there is a get together in Japan and let Dan or Joe know if interested
[2019-09-10T16:21:16.829Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-09-10T16:21:26.315Z]	<yancy>	kimhd: I have a question
[2019-09-10T16:21:41.126Z]	<yancy>	... for items that need to be carried over, do we need an owner?
[2019-09-10T16:22:07.592Z]	<yancy>	JoeAndrieu:  yes. we are in the middle of figuring out how we want registries to be handled in general
[2019-09-10T16:22:20.594Z]	<yancy>	... current process is only working groups can handle registries
[2019-09-10T16:22:36.327Z]	<yancy>	... so any registries in the VC data model, we have the authority to manage
[2019-09-10T16:22:52.941Z]	<yancy>	... what happend today was a formal authorization
[2019-09-10T16:23:03.841Z]	<yancy>	kimhd: next thing on agenda
[2019-09-10T16:23:12.331Z]	<yancy>	... DID working group is approved
[2019-09-10T16:23:25.754Z]	<yancy>	... Breant Z will be chair
[2019-09-10T16:23:46.970Z]	<yancy>	... we have TPAC coming up and DID discussions will be happening there
[2019-09-10T16:24:00.466Z]	<yancy>	... was going to call on Dan for that
[2019-09-10T16:24:05.547Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Decentralized Identity Working Group
[2019-09-10T16:24:06.607Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2019-09-10T16:24:14.849Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-09-10T16:24:38.703Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-09-10T16:24:39.853Z]	<yancy>	JoeAndrieu: as I mentioned for those that have been at any tpac.  we break that into 1 to 1.5 hour sessions
[2019-09-10T16:24:53.183Z]	<yancy>	... bring them up to me, dan or brent if concerns
[2019-09-10T16:25:11.795Z]	<yancy>	... if anyone has any comments or highlights to bring up send them to me
[2019-09-10T16:25:23.029Z]	<yancy>	... we will be setting up the time for the DID working group
[2019-09-10T16:25:37.732Z]	<yancy>	... that will all be discussed and decided then in Japan
[2019-09-10T16:26:10.249Z]	<yancy>	brent: we are meeting monday and tuesday
[2019-09-10T16:26:24.501Z]	<yancy>	... agenda will go out thursday or friday
[2019-09-10T16:26:37.273Z]	<yancy>	...if you are able to join the w3c or working group do that
[2019-09-10T16:26:48.330Z]	<yancy>	... we have limited spots for invited experts
[2019-09-10T16:26:55.881Z]	<yancy>	... we will have presentations on DIDs
[2019-09-10T16:27:10.001Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-09-10T16:27:10.581Z]	<yancy>	... discussion on technical specs and foundations
[2019-09-10T16:27:11.881Z]	<burn>	q+
[2019-09-10T16:27:16.152Z]	<kimhd>	ack drummond
[2019-09-10T16:27:37.546Z]	<yancy>	drummond: funny thing is I was going to make sure things are covered.  just wants to say congrats to brent and dan
[2019-09-10T16:27:43.864Z]	<yancy>	... super glad they are doing this
[2019-09-10T16:27:50.143Z]	<yancy>	burn: thank you
[2019-09-10T16:28:11.049Z]	<yancy>	... the only thing I would add is if there is anyone that has topics that we should cover in the agenda
[2019-09-10T16:28:15.126Z]	<yancy>	... to send them
[2019-09-10T16:28:24.181Z]	<yancy>	... will be sending call out for potential topics
[2019-09-10T16:28:39.784Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to ask about transition for use cases and rubric
[2019-09-10T16:28:44.528Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack burn
[2019-09-10T16:28:50.510Z]	<yancy>	burn: rough agenda in mind but please let us know if you have something you want for us to consider adding to the agenda
[2019-09-10T16:29:01.148Z]	<yancy>	... contact either one of us
[2019-09-10T16:29:02.985Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-09-10T16:29:13.962Z]	<yancy>	JoeAndrieu: has a question for the new chairs
[2019-09-10T16:29:26.042Z]	<yancy>	... what do we need to do to transition the new use case docs
[2019-09-10T16:30:04.523Z]	<yancy>	burn:  nothing that will guarantee that, although the more something looks like a work product the better.
[2019-09-10T16:30:19.756Z]	<yancy>	... what's going to happen in the DID wg will consist of many people
[2019-09-10T16:30:34.341Z]	<yancy>	... some people who were in the VC wg and some who are not
[2019-09-10T16:30:46.255Z]	<yancy>	... the wg will decide what its use cases are
[2019-09-10T16:31:17.026Z]	<yancy>	... the expecation that the chairs have during the meeting is that someone will lead it and ask for sources of use cases and requirements
[2019-09-10T16:31:24.121Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-09-10T16:31:25.841Z]	<yancy>	... for example use cases that came from the ccg
[2019-09-10T16:31:47.786Z]	<yancy>	... if there is agreement and those use cases should go in or should be a starting point
[2019-09-10T16:31:58.511Z]	<yancy>	... then make a copy of it and begin working there
[2019-09-10T16:32:17.186Z]	<yancy>	... being prepared to poiint out the value of it is where we want to go
[2019-09-10T16:32:29.384Z]	<yancy>	JoeAndrieu: current draft as intput?
[2019-09-10T16:32:37.340Z]	<yancy>	burn: correct
[2019-09-10T16:33:05.374Z]	<drummond>	I am planning on attending.
[2019-09-10T16:33:05.666Z]	<yancy>	brent: it would be good to know who on the call is attending
[2019-09-10T16:33:13.265Z]	<yancy>	... we have 80 people signed up
[2019-09-10T16:33:13.583Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-09-10T16:33:27.012Z]	<jonathan_holt>	regrets
[2019-09-10T16:33:29.281Z]	<yancy>	... who on the call will be at TPAC and we can be more organized
[2019-09-10T16:33:33.421Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1 to being there
[2019-09-10T16:33:43.549Z]	<yancy>	kimhd: please make a note in irc
[2019-09-10T16:34:08.881Z]	<yancy>	drummond:  thurs and friday are two days of wg meeting days plus otheres
[2019-09-10T16:34:22.871Z]	<sumita>	https://www.w3.org/wiki/TPAC/2019
[2019-09-10T16:34:24.862Z]	<yancy>	... folks that are planning on coming please take a look at the wiki
[2019-09-10T16:34:35.995Z]	<yancy>	... given the level of interest just qa
[2019-09-10T16:34:46.814Z]	<sumita>	https://www.w3.org/2019/09/TPAC/
[2019-09-10T16:34:48.245Z]	<yancy>	... and then Helen Garneau will hold a non technical session
[2019-09-10T16:35:09.328Z]	<yancy>	... wants to encourage folks for those attending
[2019-09-10T16:35:17.528Z]	<yancy>	... will make sure to post on irc
[2019-09-10T16:35:29.681Z]	<yancy>	kimhd: would be great to share more broadly
[2019-09-10T16:35:35.210Z]	<yancy>	drummond: can send email
[2019-09-10T16:35:48.612Z]	<brent>	q?
[2019-09-10T16:35:50.582Z]	<yancy>	ken: will be there to try and help support heather
[2019-09-10T16:36:03.826Z]	<yancy>	kimhd: that will be a very good topic in ccg
[2019-09-10T16:36:10.682Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-09-10T16:36:17.541Z]	<kimhd>	ack drummond
[2019-09-10T16:36:42.892Z]	<yancy>	kimhd: ending early today. Dan great work getting everything through
[2019-09-10T16:36:51.261Z]	<yancy>	... have fun at tpac next week
[2019-09-10T16:37:11.625Z]	<yancy>	burn: super excited about this group starting
[2019-09-10T16:37:23.096Z]	<yancy>	... it will be great to see this work moving forward
[2019-09-10T16:37:30.581Z]	<yancy>	kimhd: no meeting next week
[2019-09-10T16:37:42.154Z]	<yancy>	... see everyone next week after that
[2019-09-10T16:43:38.299Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2019-09-10T16:59:54.443Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2019-09-10T17:00:05.752Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 95e
[2019-09-10T17:00:11.690Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 96e
[2019-09-10T17:00:14.329Z]	<dlehn>	voip-ccg: disconnect 970
