[2018-11-13T17:00:58.908Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2018-11-13T17:01:13.932Z]	<drabiv>	present+
[2018-11-13T17:01:19.008Z]	<dmitriz>	voip: 0f8 is dmitriz
[2018-11-13T17:01:27.271Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2018-11-13T17:01:54.445Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2018-11-13T17:01:59.963Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2018-11-13T17:02:09.037Z]	<manu>	present+
[2018-11-13T17:02:13.446Z]	<ChristopherA>	voip: 0f9 is ChristopherA
[2018-11-13T17:02:51.161Z]	<ChristopherA>	agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Nov/0113.html
[2018-11-13T17:02:57.604Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	voip: 101 is JoeAndrieu
[2018-11-13T17:03:21.722Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2018-11-13T17:03:25.924Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2018-11-13T17:03:34.566Z]	<Yancy_>	present+
[2018-11-13T17:03:35.101Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2018-11-13T17:03:36.687Z]	<michela>	present +
[2018-11-13T17:03:45.001Z]	<michela>	present+
[2018-11-13T17:03:45.121Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ michela
[2018-11-13T17:03:53.943Z]	<brentz>	present+ Brent_Zundel
[2018-11-13T17:04:11.870Z]	<Rgrant>	Present+
[2018-11-13T17:04:16.723Z]	<ChristopherA>	scribe list: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LkqZ10z7FeV3EgMIQEJ9achEYMzy1d_2S90Q_lQ0y8M/edit#heading=h.ngyk8y939osi
[2018-11-13T17:05:22.364Z]	<manu>	scribe: manu
[2018-11-13T17:05:31.689Z]	<drabiv>	voip: 100 is drabiv
[2018-11-13T17:05:44.750Z]	<dmitriz>	*manu: I can scribe!*
[2018-11-13T17:05:56.543Z]	<manu>	scribe: dmitriz
[2018-11-13T17:06:07.367Z]	<drummond>	voip: connections?
[2018-11-13T17:06:16.607Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2018-11-13T17:06:27.072Z]	<drummond>	voip: 108 is drummond
[2018-11-13T17:06:41.542Z]	<dmitriz>	<start of call / IRC instructions>
[2018-11-13T17:06:56.838Z]	<dmitriz>	agenda review, intros, announcements, progress reports
[2018-11-13T17:07:09.072Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:07:16.957Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-11-13T17:07:33.063Z]	<manu>	https://www.w3.org/Security/strong-authentication-and-identity-workshop/cfp.html
[2018-11-13T17:07:37.118Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: just a heads up, the Strong Authentication & Identity Workshop
[2018-11-13T17:07:40.257Z]	<ken>	present+ Ken_Ebert
[2018-11-13T17:07:43.544Z]	<dmitriz>	… the application deadline closes in 3 days
[2018-11-13T17:07:51.946Z]	<brentz>	q+
[2018-11-13T17:07:53.709Z]	<dmitriz>	… so if you havent submitted a position statement, hurry up
[2018-11-13T17:07:56.658Z]	<manu>	q- manu
[2018-11-13T17:08:01.910Z]	<jonnycrunch>	+present
[2018-11-13T17:08:04.666Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Introductions and Reintroductions
[2018-11-13T17:08:09.909Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: do we have anybody new?
[2018-11-13T17:08:11.090Z]	<manu>	present+ jonnycrunch
[2018-11-13T17:08:23.923Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: ok, re-introductions
[2018-11-13T17:08:42.497Z]	<dmitriz>	… gannan?
[2018-11-13T17:08:48.316Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2018-11-13T17:09:02.985Z]	<dmitriz>	gannan: hi, I'm Ganesh Annan, I'm a dev at Digital Bazaar,
[2018-11-13T17:09:13.866Z]	<dmitriz>	… I'm also part of the VCWG, here to learn & work with new standards
[2018-11-13T17:09:21.896Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2018-11-13T17:09:25.315Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: thank you. we have a number of upcoming events
[2018-11-13T17:09:38.024Z]	<dmitriz>	… here it is in IRC. in particular, there is the Strong Auth & Identity Workshop in Redmond,
[2018-11-13T17:09:46.391Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Announcements
[2018-11-13T17:09:47.163Z]	<dmitriz>	… which Manu mentioned earlier, happens in Dec 10-11,
[2018-11-13T17:09:47.285Z]	<manu>	I like the compactness of the new page.
[2018-11-13T17:10:04.903Z]	<dmitriz>	… I suspect a number of us will be there, we'll have a chance to pitch DIDs as a solution to other working groups at W3C
[2018-11-13T17:10:19.552Z]	<dmitriz>	… in prep for our official request to become a working group at the beginning of the year
[2018-11-13T17:10:29.337Z]	<ChristopherA>	http://weboftrust.info
[2018-11-13T17:10:32.830Z]	<dmitriz>	… second one is Rebooting Web of Trust, Feb 27-Mar 3 2019, location TBD
[2018-11-13T17:10:41.123Z]	<dmitriz>	… we're hoping to make a decision re location by end of the month
[2018-11-13T17:10:50.537Z]	<dmitriz>	… we're hoping either that event or the Sept event will be in Europa
[2018-11-13T17:11:05.570Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://www.internetidentityworkshop.com/
[2018-11-13T17:11:06.386Z]	<MosesMa>	if it's in europe, we need lots of advance warning
[2018-11-13T17:11:08.186Z]	<dmitriz>	… finally, we have the Internet Identity Workshop, Apr 30-May 2nd
[2018-11-13T17:11:14.655Z]	<drabiv>	+1 for Europe!
[2018-11-13T17:11:17.827Z]	<dmitriz>	… where we'll have a lot of people from this group
[2018-11-13T17:11:20.908Z]	<MosesMa>	also, I can help organize an event in europe
[2018-11-13T17:11:26.484Z]	<dmitriz>	*manu: yesss! me too*
[2018-11-13T17:11:31.244Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: any other announcements?
[2018-11-13T17:11:33.273Z]	<MosesMa>	would amsterdam work?
[2018-11-13T17:11:47.072Z]	<dmitriz>	… just a little more on Europe, we've heard requests for Berlin. also Zurich and ..?
[2018-11-13T17:11:50.396Z]	<heathervescent>	q+ (we have someone on the ground in Berlin, are others on this list?)
[2018-11-13T17:12:00.124Z]	<MosesMa>	I might be able to get some space donated for this?
[2018-11-13T17:12:00.345Z]	<dmitriz>	… we'll know more later
[2018-11-13T17:12:01.605Z]	<heathervescent>	OK, that's fine.
[2018-11-13T17:12:04.382Z]	<heathervescent>	q_
[2018-11-13T17:12:07.037Z]	<heathervescent>	q-
[2018-11-13T17:12:20.026Z]	<manu>	q+ to respond
[2018-11-13T17:12:25.252Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack brentz
[2018-11-13T17:12:26.813Z]	<dmitriz>	brentz: I was wondering, for those who submitted applications / position statements for the workshop,
[2018-11-13T17:12:30.396Z]	<dmitriz>	… when will we hear back?
[2018-11-13T17:12:31.322Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-11-13T17:12:36.948Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: excellent question, we don't know yet
[2018-11-13T17:12:44.436Z]	<identitywoman>	we have room for up to 70
[2018-11-13T17:12:46.704Z]	<dmitriz>	… if you've submitted a paper, you're almost certainly going to be invited
[2018-11-13T17:12:50.322Z]	<identitywoman>	currently at 45 submitted
[2018-11-13T17:12:51.442Z]	<dmitriz>	… we're behind on getting back to people
[2018-11-13T17:12:55.935Z]	<identitywoman>	if it is "in range" you will likely get invite
[2018-11-13T17:13:00.651Z]	<identitywoman>	so buy your plane ticket
[2018-11-13T17:13:03.763Z]	<burn>	This is very bad for travel booking
[2018-11-13T17:13:04.914Z]	<dmitriz>	… likely you'll hear about it after this Fri, which is a week or so before the event
[2018-11-13T17:13:13.584Z]	<dmitriz>	… but I would just assume - if you submitted both of those things, you're probably in
[2018-11-13T17:13:23.526Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: that's both the registration, and an email with your position statement
[2018-11-13T17:13:24.576Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item%22
[2018-11-13T17:13:29.666Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Action Items
[2018-11-13T17:13:29.804Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: ok, we're gonna move on to Action Items
[2018-11-13T17:13:32.427Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item
[2018-11-13T17:13:49.784Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item%22
[2018-11-13T17:14:00.036Z]	<dmitriz>	… these are our current action items
[2018-11-13T17:14:11.744Z]	<dmitriz>	… at this point, all of these have been assigned, aside from the JWK CryptoSuite specs
[2018-11-13T17:14:16.970Z]	<kimhd>	All, please type present+ if you've not already
[2018-11-13T17:14:22.430Z]	<dmitriz>	… this has been an ongoing concern, a lot of people want to us to use JWK,
[2018-11-13T17:14:27.724Z]	<burn>	present+
[2018-11-13T17:14:29.261Z]	<dmitriz>	… if we're gonna do that, we need somebody to make a proposal
[2018-11-13T17:14:35.523Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/18
[2018-11-13T17:14:39.166Z]	<dmitriz>	q+
[2018-11-13T17:14:43.955Z]	<kimhd>	I thought that's going through the VCWG group?
[2018-11-13T17:14:49.985Z]	<dmitriz>	q-
[2018-11-13T17:14:57.973Z]	<kimhd>	ah I see, nm
[2018-11-13T17:15:11.587Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: kim: no, I don't think this is a WG thing, they can't make decisions about signature systems
[2018-11-13T17:15:44.190Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: I was going to ask about CBOR-based key notation instead of JWK - but that may be getting off topic.
[2018-11-13T17:15:50.891Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: anyhow, it's still an open issue, still unassigned, so I'm concerned
[2018-11-13T17:16:04.957Z]	<dmitriz>	… and maybe we should also open an issue about COSE
[2018-11-13T17:16:09.787Z]	<dmitriz>	… would be great to have a formal proposal for that
[2018-11-13T17:16:15.783Z]	<dmitriz>	… manu, can you add those?
[2018-11-13T17:16:23.605Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: yep, will add those
[2018-11-13T17:16:27.897Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2018-11-13T17:16:26.666]	<kimhd>	Topic: Work Items
[2018-11-13T17:16:28.143Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: continuing on to Work Items
[2018-11-13T17:16:34.703Z]	<achughes>	present+
[2018-11-13T17:16:43.963Z]	<dmitriz>	… we have a large number of items, and progress is a bit slow at the moment, focusing on DIDs and such
[2018-11-13T17:16:52.633Z]	<dmitriz>	… I want to make sure nobody has announcements/changes in the last couple of weeks
[2018-11-13T17:16:56.884Z]	<dmitriz>	… any changes?
[2018-11-13T17:16:59.246Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:17:18.666Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: DID Unique Selling Proposition
[2018-11-13T17:17:19.318Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: ok, not seeing anything, so let's move on to the core of our discussion, which is
[2018-11-13T17:17:23.975Z]	<dmitriz>	… the DID unique selling proposition
[2018-11-13T17:17:38.383Z]	<Rgrant>	Digital Contract Design is trying to investigate our position on JWT and JSON-LD, and stuck on understanding the Open World assumption.  We are looking for examples.
[2018-11-13T17:17:48.625Z]	<dmitriz>	… a number of us have had experience over the last couple of months in talking to each other, getting into the details,
[2018-11-13T17:17:56.768Z]	<dmitriz>	… but somewhere along the way, we've lost track of persuasiveness
[2018-11-13T17:18:20.309Z]	<dmitriz>	… we got some feedback from a couple of groups / committees, one was from the w3c Architecture Group,
[2018-11-13T17:18:34.463Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: they were asking, how is this (the DID spec) going to help regular people?
[2018-11-13T17:18:48.551Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: I updated my slides on DIDs, so I'm hoping that's become clearer, but I hope we can make more progress on that
[2018-11-13T17:19:05.109Z]	<dmitriz>	… anybody else recently have experience on explaining DIDs, what the problems you encountered were, etc?
[2018-11-13T17:19:06.517Z]	<jonnycrunch>	q+
[2018-11-13T17:19:11.248Z]	<manu>	q+ to offer government-based story.
[2018-11-13T17:19:12.036Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack jonnycrunch
[2018-11-13T17:19:18.495Z]	<Rgrant>	Q+
[2018-11-13T17:19:26.914Z]	<dmitriz>	jonnycrunch: I'm on the ABMS
[2018-11-13T17:19:40.206Z]	<dmitriz>	… the struggle they're dealing with - it's about key management
[2018-11-13T17:19:45.295Z]	<dmitriz>	… who manages the keys, in an organization?
[2018-11-13T17:19:55.351Z]	<heathervescent>	All - I'm not sure how to bring this up, or if it's not appropriate, but Kaliya and I address a lot of this stuff in our report. We don't have to re-invent this information. We just need to support ways to make it widely available.
[2018-11-13T17:19:56.450Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: right, so we definitely want to address that question sooner rather than later
[2018-11-13T17:20:07.970Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:20:11.848Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-11-13T17:20:16.203Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: next is manu
[2018-11-13T17:20:21.366Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: I agree with Jonathan,
[2018-11-13T17:20:25.891Z]	<dmitriz>	… I'm coming at it from another angle
[2018-11-13T17:20:28.290Z]	<jonnycrunch>	ABMS (American Board of Medical Specialties )
[2018-11-13T17:20:55.708Z]	<dmitriz>	… fundamentally, many of these organizations (such as the federal government), do not want to be in the business of managing identifiers
[2018-11-13T17:21:04.355Z]	<dmitriz>	… they end up being responsible for that anyway,
[2018-11-13T17:21:22.213Z]	<dmitriz>	… because everybody decides that the gov't should do it, so now they become a target, a honeypot
[2018-11-13T17:21:34.408Z]	<dmitriz>	… so if we wanted to hone in on a main advantage for DIDs,
[2018-11-13T17:21:40.507Z]	<dmitriz>	… they tend to be different per vertical,
[2018-11-13T17:21:55.086Z]	<dmitriz>	… but the one common thing that we've found is that - the organization just does not want to be responsible for minting identifiers
[2018-11-13T17:22:03.590Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:22:07.964Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack Rgrant
[2018-11-13T17:22:09.243Z]	<dmitriz>	… and DIDs are are new type of identifier, where they don't have to manage it, but they still get nice cryptographic properties
[2018-11-13T17:22:23.010Z]	<dmitriz>	Rgrant: over the last week, I've been working on a threat model using DIDs
[2018-11-13T17:22:29.570Z]	<dmitriz>	… and we found that it was hard to understand
[2018-11-13T17:22:39.675Z]	<dmitriz>	… the data model of the application without extending the future use of the system
[2018-11-13T17:22:40.843Z]	<achughes>	I have a question: does ‘the world’ know why the Certificate Authority model of x.509 certificate management is ‘bad’?
[2018-11-13T17:22:43.945Z]	<dmitriz>	… into Verifiable Claims
[2018-11-13T17:22:53.518Z]	<dmitriz>	… that made several things in our threat model make sense
[2018-11-13T17:22:57.430Z]	<manu>	achughes, probably not :)
[2018-11-13T17:23:00.247Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2018-11-13T17:23:00.564Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:23:04.226Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack drummond
[2018-11-13T17:23:07.667Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ ChristopherA
[2018-11-13T17:23:13.034Z]	<dmitriz>	drummond: I want to second that
[2018-11-13T17:23:28.468Z]	<dmitriz>	… I tried multiple explanations over time, but I've migrated entirely to starting with VCs (I call them just "credentials")
[2018-11-13T17:23:35.606Z]	<manu>	achughes, I don't think people really understand the "weakest link" problem of the CA system.
[2018-11-13T17:23:37.763Z]	<dmitriz>	… and the case for digital creds is strong and intuitive for many people
[2018-11-13T17:23:40.176Z]	<achughes>	manu: we might be making a bad assumption that ‘the world’ knows what we all believe is ‘bad’ about centralized management of keys
[2018-11-13T17:23:46.530Z]	<dmitriz>	… and then back into the need for a decentralized identifier
[2018-11-13T17:23:54.427Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:23:55.588Z]	<dmitriz>	… so that just seems to flow nicely, work pretty well
[2018-11-13T17:23:58.158Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-11-13T17:23:58.755Z]	<kimhd>	q+ I also lead with VCs
[2018-11-13T17:24:02.867Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to ask a thing
[2018-11-13T17:24:04.272Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/15M0tdSS1dRMVdJdVgBlFap8JwiuFdvocZ0AAu7c1eBk/edit#slide=id.g4444355b49_0_12
[2018-11-13T17:24:11.547Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: my recent experience in talking about borders
[2018-11-13T17:24:20.764Z]	<dmitriz>	… I found it resonated with smaller countries' governments
[2018-11-13T17:24:27.128Z]	<dmitriz>	… also companies across borders, etc
[2018-11-13T17:24:37.393Z]	<burn>	I have found that I can explain DIDs just fine, but the 'so what' question only gets answered with VCs.
[2018-11-13T17:24:39.710Z]	<dmitriz>	… the basic argument is: we're more and more part of an international world, and changing rules, and parties, and levels
[2018-11-13T17:24:56.123Z]	<achughes>	q+ centralization worries
[2018-11-13T17:25:00.308Z]	<dmitriz>	… and all the models of centralized hierarchy do not work anymore
[2018-11-13T17:25:04.996Z]	<dmitriz>	… so they appreciated the border thng
[2018-11-13T17:25:11.665Z]	<dmitriz>	… this worked in Switzerland, Taiwan, Malta
[2018-11-13T17:25:18.430Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:25:21.405Z]	<dmitriz>	… it may not work in the heart of the US, but that's certainly a part of it
[2018-11-13T17:25:22.325Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack kimhd
[2018-11-13T17:25:40.811Z]	<dmitriz>	kimhd: per Learning Machines, leading with VCs makes it a lot easier
[2018-11-13T17:25:47.943Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ christophera
[2018-11-13T17:26:00.343Z]	<dmitriz>	… explaining that a VC is like a degree, it's a long-term credential, hopefully for the entire lifetime
[2018-11-13T17:26:05.085Z]	<burn>	not ownership.  Control!
[2018-11-13T17:26:11.376Z]	<dmitriz>	… so then key management comes up, so then we get into DIDs
[2018-11-13T17:26:21.133Z]	<dmitriz>	… various implementations may not have this or that feature,
[2018-11-13T17:26:33.422Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-11-13T17:26:38.844Z]	<dmitriz>	… so this works well, but it limits it to an audience that buys into the idea of cryptographic ownership/control
[2018-11-13T17:26:50.097Z]	<dmitriz>	JoeAndrieu: I tried to get Tzviya to chime in
[2018-11-13T17:26:54.833Z]	<dmitriz>	… she presented DIDs internally
[2018-11-13T17:27:02.409Z]	<dmitriz>	… and the first question was - what about key management?
[2018-11-13T17:27:07.635Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	A. digital credentials separated from login management B. for subject: no longer dependent on credential issuer for verification C. for issuer: no longer need to manage user name & password for credentials
[2018-11-13T17:27:10.910Z]	<dmitriz>	… (tried to get Tzviya to chime in)
[2018-11-13T17:27:21.536Z]	<identitywoman>	Key MANAGEMENT Is a huge issue - we should be having intensive focus on solving this....and stop hand waving. What is the plan? for realz?
[2018-11-13T17:27:41.176Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack achughes
[2018-11-13T17:27:41.814Z]	<dmitriz>	… and for the issuer, they no longer need to manage identifiers, like manu said
[2018-11-13T17:27:45.571Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:28:07.852Z]	<dmitriz>	achughes: I don't think I've heard a good explanation as to why not some other universal id scheme, like DNS or certificates — why are they bad?
[2018-11-13T17:28:12.709Z]	<dmitriz>	… what problem is DIDs trying to solve?
[2018-11-13T17:28:22.965Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-11-13T17:28:25.033Z]	<dmitriz>	… why is "decentralized" better?
[2018-11-13T17:28:31.252Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:28:38.775Z]	<kimhd>	cwebber2 described this brilliantly at last year's TPAC
[2018-11-13T17:28:43.389Z]	<dmitriz>	… if we make the assumption that <static> in order to be useful, why do the identifiers have to be centralized?
[2018-11-13T17:28:49.297Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-11-13T17:28:54.516Z]	<dmitriz>	… why not use an existing centralized identification scheme, that everyone is using?
[2018-11-13T17:28:55.732Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack christophera
[2018-11-13T17:28:57.297Z]	<manu>	q+ because no one wants the hot potato and many don't want a for profit to be in control of it.
[2018-11-13T17:29:08.463Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: I really appreciated Kaliya's presentation at MyData,
[2018-11-13T17:29:20.853Z]	<dmitriz>	… the beginning had a nice way of leading into — there are just too many identifiers
[2018-11-13T17:29:27.523Z]	<dmitriz>	q+
[2018-11-13T17:29:39.701Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-11-13T17:29:39.822Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: now, whether or not DIDs solve that particular problem, is an open question
[2018-11-13T17:29:49.050Z]	<achughes>	x/<static>/identifiers for things are needed/
[2018-11-13T17:29:55.465Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: I've been hearing lots of good things about Kaliya's presentation at MyData
[2018-11-13T17:29:57.047Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2018-11-13T17:30:03.670Z]	<dmitriz>	… I feel she nailed it, as far as intro
[2018-11-13T17:30:14.524Z]	<dmitriz>	… the thing I went on the queue for: these identifiers, they seem like a hot potato,
[2018-11-13T17:30:24.265Z]	<dmitriz>	… nobody wants them. Gov't does not want to manage them, it's a giant money pit
[2018-11-13T17:30:29.572Z]	<identitywoman>	Here is the video - https://identitywoman.net/mydata-2018-domains-of-identity-self-sovereign-identity/
[2018-11-13T17:30:37.183Z]	<dmitriz>	… it's just something they need to achieve some secondary thing. they don't care about identifiers themselves
[2018-11-13T17:30:44.651Z]	<dmitriz>	… so then the issue becomes, who will? A foundation or nonprofit?
[2018-11-13T17:30:49.663Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ ChristopherA
[2018-11-13T17:30:54.949Z]	<dmitriz>	… many foundations are like, we're not going to trust a for-profit company,
[2018-11-13T17:31:00.655Z]	<identitywoman>	here is another shorter one that i did at New America for the Future of Property Rights - https://identitywoman.net/my-talk-at-new-america-on-self-sovereign-identity-the-domains-of-identity/
[2018-11-13T17:31:09.284Z]	<dlongley>	centralized IDs introduce a third party in the middle of a relationship that is otherwise unnecessary ... decentralized IDs also more accurately represent entities as they exist in the natural world: they have independent existence.
[2018-11-13T17:31:11.257Z]	<dmitriz>	… and a nonprofit company may have trouble being funded to manage this for a long time
[2018-11-13T17:31:20.132Z]	<dmitriz>	… so, nobody wants to manage identifiers, but they all want to depend on them
[2018-11-13T17:31:33.786Z]	<dmitriz>	… and then there's the subject of - DIDs give you nice cryptographic properties, service discovery mechanisms,
[2018-11-13T17:31:43.248Z]	<dmitriz>	… and they become an interesting avenue that people may not have pursued already
[2018-11-13T17:31:56.514Z]	<achughes>	I think the ‘hot potato’ explanation is a good one when contrasted with the ‘corporate control of identifiers is bad’ - that for me is a powerful argument
[2018-11-13T17:31:58.276Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack dmitriz
[2018-11-13T17:31:59.048Z]	<dmitriz>	… we've tried all those things before (government issued, corporate issued, etc), and it hasn't addressed many of the problems
[2018-11-13T17:32:04.211Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:32:28.094Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: On the subject of DIDs, in order to have universal identifiers, you need two things 1) format of URL, and 2) format of payload.
[2018-11-13T17:32:31.547Z]	<burn>	q+ to ask manu whether DID key management ends up being the same hot potato
[2018-11-13T17:32:36.765Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: DIDs are a nice standard for the format of the payload.
[2018-11-13T17:33:03.772Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: Someone needed to standardize what the JSON object needed to look like - service endpoints, public keys, you're going to need something like that regardless of what you come up with.
[2018-11-13T17:33:28.547Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack drummond
[2018-11-13T17:33:29.494Z]	<drummond>	+1 to DIDs extending, not competing, with other identifiers
[2018-11-13T17:33:33.606Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: The URLs themselves -- it's important to note that it's not in competition... it's a superset - they can work w/ traditional URLs, but they can also work with these new ledgers.
[2018-11-13T17:33:44.844Z]	<dmitriz>	drummond: yeah, I agree with that point, DIDs don't compete, they're a new type of identifiers
[2018-11-13T17:34:02.933Z]	<dmitriz>	… when I first got exposed to the acronym DID, it was from verbiage that Manu and Longley had written
[2018-11-13T17:34:04.363Z]	<burn>	new URL scheme == new identifiers
[2018-11-13T17:34:22.867Z]	<dmitriz>	… and I love the way they captured it - every identifier that's currently in use, globally available over the internet - they're RENTED
[2018-11-13T17:34:35.862Z]	<dlongley>	"every identifier you've ever had on the Web is controlled by someone else"
[2018-11-13T17:34:35.977Z]	<dmitriz>	… once you stop paying, it's gone, so that's unacceptable from a security and privacy perspective
[2018-11-13T17:34:50.684Z]	<dmitriz>	… so that's one thing that I mention, theyre not rented, they're permanent identifiers
[2018-11-13T17:34:55.070Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-11-13T17:34:58.227Z]	<dmitriz>	… and I'm not familiar with any other alternatives
[2018-11-13T17:35:02.403Z]	<burn>	The "You don't control any of your other identifiers" argument is the one that I use, too.  Every single one can be taken away from you.
[2018-11-13T17:35:19.206Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: another thing that I haven't heard is talking about vendor lock-in
[2018-11-13T17:35:24.663Z]	<manu>	identitywoman, re: key management - I think we're still trying to figure it out -- I mean, there are theories and implementations, but this stuff hasn't been out long enough to truly understand what this looks like in the hands of the masses (other than Signal/WhatsApp-style key management)
[2018-11-13T17:35:41.386Z]	<dmitriz>	… for example, take Linked In, who has this nice API for a long time,
[2018-11-13T17:35:53.894Z]	<dmitriz>	… but then soon deprecated it, so it ruined the ecosystem
[2018-11-13T17:35:59.282Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:36:05.836Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack burn
[2018-11-13T17:36:24.543Z]	<dmitriz>	burn: I was ggonna challenge Manu a bit, re problems with existing identifiers
[2018-11-13T17:36:38.046Z]	<dmitriz>	… the question I have is really whether the key management issue for DIDs will end up the same type of hot potato
[2018-11-13T17:36:47.165Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2018-11-13T17:36:53.223Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:36:57.570Z]	<dmitriz>	q+ to mention Heather and Kaliya's report
[2018-11-13T17:36:57.923Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack drummond
[2018-11-13T17:37:04.123Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ christophera
[2018-11-13T17:37:11.314Z]	<dmitriz>	drummond: I completely disagree that key management requires another party to get involved
[2018-11-13T17:37:20.877Z]	<dmitriz>	… the whole thing behind DKMS is that keys are controlled by their owner
[2018-11-13T17:37:26.396Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack christophera
[2018-11-13T17:37:29.464Z]	<dmitriz>	… but there's no necessity for a third party
[2018-11-13T17:37:30.025Z]	<jonnycrunch>	+1 can be totally self sovereign
[2018-11-13T17:37:30.392Z]	<manu>	q+ to note response to W3C TAG -- we should capture what we've talked about today... in a short explainer.
[2018-11-13T17:37:35.103Z]	<drummond>	DKMS reference: http://bit.ly/dkmsv3
[2018-11-13T17:37:53.344Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: I want to address something somebody said earlier, which is, we need a DID Document, whether the identifier is centralized or not
[2018-11-13T17:38:07.746Z]	<dmitriz>	… and somebody mentioned that therre aren't any individually-owned ones, and there were,
[2018-11-13T17:38:17.747Z]	<dmitriz>	… CIDs, cryptographic identifiers, like PGP, Tor etc
[2018-11-13T17:38:21.114Z]	<burn>	Drummond, my comment was not about what is technically possible, rather about how the average person will end up using them.  It's an issue I see in the blockchain industry I'm in in general.
[2018-11-13T17:38:22.324Z]	<drummond>	Also, there hasn't been any mention yet of the key rotation, key recovery, and service discovery benefits of DIDs.
[2018-11-13T17:38:26.957Z]	<dmitriz>	… and the problem with them was - they could not be easily rotated
[2018-11-13T17:38:29.250Z]	<MosesMa>	q
[2018-11-13T17:38:37.433Z]	<dmitriz>	… whereas DIDs potentially allow you to retain the identifier through key changes, updates
[2018-11-13T17:38:38.964Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack dmitriz
[2018-11-13T17:38:46.612Z]	<MosesMa>	q+
[2018-11-13T17:39:03.291Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-11-13T17:39:04.923Z]	<manu>	dmitriz: Just wanted to also mention Heather and Kaliya's report on Decentralized Ecosystem - they give a very accessible introduction there, good selling points there.
[2018-11-13T17:39:16.122Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2018-11-13T17:39:21.703Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: I wanted to translate some of the great discussion happening today into written prose
[2018-11-13T17:39:30.349Z]	<dmitriz>	… the w3c technical architecture group had asked us
[2018-11-13T17:39:39.363Z]	<dmitriz>	… to say some subset of the discussion of today's call, in written form
[2018-11-13T17:40:06.954Z]	<dmitriz>	… it's slightly frustrating since we've written a Primer already, but it's not quite enough, they want to understand how an everyday person will benefit from DIDs, in a short form
[2018-11-13T17:40:18.105Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3ctag/w3ctag.github.io/blob/master/explainers.md
[2018-11-13T17:40:29.464Z]	<dmitriz>	… so I'm wondering, who in the community will take that action item?
[2018-11-13T17:40:40.384Z]	<dmitriz>	… so, who is interested?
[2018-11-13T17:40:41.974Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:40:43.570Z]	<drummond>	I too think the DID Primer is pretty good.
[2018-11-13T17:40:49.788Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack MosesMa
[2018-11-13T17:40:52.570Z]	<dmitriz>	MosesMa: hi everybody
[2018-11-13T17:40:55.923Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: 119 is bigbluehat
[2018-11-13T17:41:00.514Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to sign up for explainer
[2018-11-13T17:41:07.004Z]	<dmitriz>	… we're writing a paper about the use of DIDs and Credentials in STOs (security token offerings)
[2018-11-13T17:41:14.695Z]	<dmitriz>	… and I'd like to get some reviews on it. send me an email
[2018-11-13T17:41:21.264Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:41:24.398Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-11-13T17:41:43.969Z]	<burn>	I will help too
[2018-11-13T17:41:44.654Z]	<dmitriz>	JoeAndrieu: I posted a link to "About Explainers",
[2018-11-13T17:41:51.983Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:41:56.252Z]	<dmitriz>	… but if there are other folks who want to get involved, I'll take the lead, but I would love assistance
[2018-11-13T17:42:14.066Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: ok, let's move to the next section, which is - writing down the questions that people ask
[2018-11-13T17:42:21.984Z]	<dmitriz>	… the raw common questions that we get, to make sure we have answers
[2018-11-13T17:42:35.783Z]	<dmitriz>	… we're gonna try to get through that in the next 10 mins or so, and maybe next week we can look into a draft explainer
[2018-11-13T17:42:50.031Z]	<dmitriz>	… I'm not sure what the best way to do a draft FAQ
[2018-11-13T17:42:59.246Z]	<dmitriz>	*ChristopherA: maybe we start a Google Doc?*
[2018-11-13T17:43:23.646Z]	<dmitriz>	JoeAndrieu: what I was hoping for on this call (and we got some of it), is to ask - what are the common questions?
[2018-11-13T17:43:35.875Z]	<dmitriz>	… so, not necessarily a full FAQ, but just - let's start with a list of questions
[2018-11-13T17:44:00.963Z]	<identitywoman>	Key Management!!!
[2018-11-13T17:44:05.306Z]	<manu>	q+ to note questions...
[2018-11-13T17:44:07.329Z]	<dmitriz>	JoeAndrieu: ok, let me go get that google doc started
[2018-11-13T17:44:08.256Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:44:11.623Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-11-13T17:44:26.456Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: just to echo what Kaliya said on IRC, key management does come up,
[2018-11-13T17:44:38.023Z]	<dmitriz>	… but in our experience, customers don't even know what key management is or why it's a problem
[2018-11-13T17:44:39.237Z]	<MosesMa>	So if you have time to review my white paper on DIDs and STOs, please send me a note?
[2018-11-13T17:44:52.129Z]	<dmitriz>	… we often ship software that shields users from key management, it's hidden from them
[2018-11-13T17:44:52.563Z]	<identitywoman>	The key management people bring up when I present is the key management by the Individual.
[2018-11-13T17:44:56.893Z]	<identitywoman>	not by the "issuing party"
[2018-11-13T17:45:02.185Z]	<dmitriz>	… let me step back. when we try to explain DIDs and VCs,
[2018-11-13T17:45:12.694Z]	<dmitriz>	… it's always in a very specific context, to a specific customer problem
[2018-11-13T17:45:28.014Z]	<dmitriz>	… when we engage with tech teams, they only have a superficial knowledge of decentralized tech, and they don't know or care
[2018-11-13T17:45:39.915Z]	<dmitriz>	… they only care that addresses their problem, and that it has had security vetting
[2018-11-13T17:45:47.676Z]	<kimhd>	+1 on that
[2018-11-13T17:46:02.956Z]	<dmitriz>	… it does happen, at a certain level, that at some point we get handed off to someone who truly does understand this stuff in depth
[2018-11-13T17:46:13.746Z]	<dmitriz>	… and then there's a whole slew of questions, like - what are the economics of the ledger
[2018-11-13T17:46:21.543Z]	<burn>	yep
[2018-11-13T17:46:21.695Z]	<dmitriz>	… what happens if the governance structure of the ledger falls over,
[2018-11-13T17:46:27.126Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O_Hxa3yVoT8LRsqtJACDUw9VmjVADaXT6JR-F0iTy6c/edit?usp=sharing
[2018-11-13T17:46:27.470Z]	<dmitriz>	… what happens in case of device loss?
[2018-11-13T17:46:32.983Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	for recording questions
[2018-11-13T17:46:40.417Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-11-13T17:46:46.866Z]	<dmitriz>	… so yes, we get key mgmt questions, but most of the other questions are about economic and governance models
[2018-11-13T17:47:04.090Z]	<dlongley>	"who is the audience?"
[2018-11-13T17:47:08.216Z]	<dmitriz>	… but those questions are only people who are interested in this in-depth, they are not typical of most customers
[2018-11-13T17:47:22.086Z]	<dmitriz>	… like Google Docs — you don't care about the details underneath, you just use them, or not
[2018-11-13T17:47:36.774Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:47:39.424Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-11-13T17:47:47.507Z]	<Rgrant>	True but i used to trust Google differently than i do now, and people ask me.
[2018-11-13T17:47:49.905Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: ok, so, I'm gonna bring something to the floor
[2018-11-13T17:47:52.364Z]	<cwebber2>	present+ Chris_Webber
[2018-11-13T17:48:03.103Z]	<dmitriz>	… Heather and Kaliya both claim that they have in their report answers to a lot fo these questions
[2018-11-13T17:48:12.343Z]	<dmitriz>	… but it's a commercial report, and they would like compensation,
[2018-11-13T17:48:20.583Z]	<dmitriz>	… I don't think the community is in a place where we can buy out the whole report
[2018-11-13T17:48:47.603Z]	<dmitriz>	… so my question is - can the community pay a small amount to Heather and Kaliya, to maybe put together a primer, with a link to the larger report
[2018-11-13T17:48:48.884Z]	<identitywoman>	why isn't the community in a place to buy out the report - seems like there are some pretty big corporations at this table
[2018-11-13T17:48:56.878Z]	<burn>	bounties!
[2018-11-13T17:49:00.413Z]	<dmitriz>	… so, do we want to talk about passing the hat? would Heather and Kaliya be interested?
[2018-11-13T17:49:01.264Z]	<identitywoman>	IBM, HTC, Microsoft
[2018-11-13T17:49:14.904Z]	<heathervescent>	Also, the big companies pay for DEVELOPERS and TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT
[2018-11-13T17:49:23.706Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:49:31.404Z]	<heathervescent>	q+
[2018-11-13T17:49:40.083Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack heathervescent
[2018-11-13T17:49:48.268Z]	<dmitriz>	heathervescent: I'm listening to this conversation,
[2018-11-13T17:49:51.985Z]	<dmitriz>	… increasingly frustrated.
[2018-11-13T17:49:58.182Z]	<dmitriz>	… this is the challenge that we have working together
[2018-11-13T17:50:05.433Z]	<dmitriz>	… this is an ongoing challenge we have in this community
[2018-11-13T17:50:31.224Z]	<dmitriz>	… I'm watching these large organizations, they have money behind initiatives, and the reason Kaliya and I wrote this report,
[2018-11-13T17:50:41.646Z]	<dmitriz>	… was that we saw the need for all of these questions being discussed
[2018-11-13T17:50:47.434Z]	<dmitriz>	… and we took our own initiative and did it.
[2018-11-13T17:51:01.591Z]	<dmitriz>	… but we're not in a privileged position, like the authors of that German blockchain organization, that have dayjobs
[2018-11-13T17:51:07.434Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-11-13T17:51:11.532Z]	<dmitriz>	… these companies, they will make so much money on these new technologies
[2018-11-13T17:51:31.224Z]	<dmitriz>	… I hear this conversation, where you're trying to get everyone to work together on these questions, and we spent so much time on that already,
[2018-11-13T17:51:41.452Z]	<dmitriz>	… and had it reviewed by three different technologists
[2018-11-13T17:51:51.708Z]	<dmitriz>	… and we don't want to paywall it, but we want to be compensated
[2018-11-13T17:51:58.703Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: we're very sympathetic, and want to solve the problem
[2018-11-13T17:52:09.049Z]	<dmitriz>	… in the room, a lot of the big companies, IBM etc, are not represented
[2018-11-13T17:52:22.947Z]	<dmitriz>	… we have trouble getting them to attend, etc
[2018-11-13T17:52:41.654Z]	<dmitriz>	… but the people currently in the room are not able to help out. I wish we could, but it's not happening,
[2018-11-13T17:52:49.548Z]	<dmitriz>	… let's find a strategy that might help in some other way
[2018-11-13T17:53:00.484Z]	<dmitriz>	… maybe a shorter description / explainer, with a link to the full report?
[2018-11-13T17:53:04.484Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:53:09.203Z]	<dmitriz>	… we want to solve this problem for everybody.
[2018-11-13T17:53:09.331Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-11-13T17:53:16.027Z]	<identitywoman>	Clear communication about this technology IS currently the limiting factor for adoption
[2018-11-13T17:53:19.512Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: we do have a URL to the FAQ / question list
[2018-11-13T17:53:28.136Z]	<ChristopherA>	questions doc is https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O_Hxa3yVoT8LRsqtJACDUw9VmjVADaXT6JR-F0iTy6c/edit?usp=sharing
[2018-11-13T17:53:32.363Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:53:34.263Z]	<identitywoman>	Clear communication takes effort, time, expertise and therefore money
[2018-11-13T17:53:37.668Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2018-11-13T17:53:44.751Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: I agree, Kaliya and Heather
[2018-11-13T17:53:52.816Z]	<dmitriz>	… it's a problem, I don't know how to solve it.
[2018-11-13T17:53:57.072Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack kimhd
[2018-11-13T17:54:04.931Z]	<manu>	I'd suggest that "production technology" is also a gating factor.
[2018-11-13T17:54:09.572Z]	<identitywoman>	The way one solves it is to find the $ to compensate the communicators
[2018-11-13T17:54:07.117Z]	<dmitriz>	kimhd: I feel like we have brought this up a few times,
[2018-11-13T17:54:16.465Z]	<dmitriz>	… and it's not clear what a working model is
[2018-11-13T17:54:32.144Z]	<dmitriz>	… when we bring it up, we risk… I don't know, I don't think we're making progress in talking about how to solve it
[2018-11-13T17:54:41.683Z]	<dmitriz>	… I'm curious - what is a model that Kaliya and Heather would like?
[2018-11-13T17:54:52.165Z]	<dmitriz>	… maybe we're proposing things that work in the developer community, but not in this case
[2018-11-13T17:54:56.026Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:54:58.963Z]	<heathervescent>	q+
[2018-11-13T17:55:03.624Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack heathervescent
[2018-11-13T17:55:10.732Z]	<dmitriz>	heathervescent: we were approached.. wait, to back up.
[2018-11-13T17:55:16.765Z]	<dmitriz>	… everyone has an opinion on how we should do things
[2018-11-13T17:55:27.454Z]	<dmitriz>	… we chased 5 different models, we want to make it accessible and available
[2018-11-13T17:55:31.405Z]	<dmitriz>	… and none of those has succeeded
[2018-11-13T17:55:44.886Z]	<dmitriz>	… in our conversations, everyone has an idea of how you should do it
[2018-11-13T17:55:56.005Z]	<dmitriz>	… and I've spent so much time chasing the viability of different models, when all I want to do,
[2018-11-13T17:56:15.090Z]	<dmitriz>	… is that I want to release this content we spent so much time on, that I know you and your clients will benefit from
[2018-11-13T17:56:30.113Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-11-13T17:56:31.334Z]	<dmitriz>	… but I can't, the last time I did that, I was exploited. I'm traumatized by this now
[2018-11-13T17:56:38.887Z]	<dmitriz>	… I want it to be accessible and available
[2018-11-13T17:56:50.076Z]	<dmitriz>	… but I don't know what's going to work.
[2018-11-13T17:57:15.627Z]	<dmitriz>	… I don't want to volunteer for more stuff. I want to leverage what we've got.
[2018-11-13T17:57:26.635Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: I want to make sure, a) you know that we appreciated the problem
[2018-11-13T17:57:33.433Z]	<dmitriz>	… manu has experienced very similar problems
[2018-11-13T17:57:50.965Z]	<heathervescent>	Right - so why don't we work together to ensure this doesn't happen. Why can't we work together to solve this problems for us all?
[2018-11-13T17:57:52.066Z]	<dmitriz>	… I don't think it's personal. it's an industry-wide problem, a tech problem
[2018-11-13T17:58:01.523Z]	<dmitriz>	… I don't know how to solve it.
[2018-11-13T17:58:09.774Z]	<manu>	I think the issue is that we don't know /how/ to solve the problem, heathervescent.
[2018-11-13T17:58:10.692Z]	<jonnycrunch>	Is there a link to purchase the report?
[2018-11-13T17:58:16.469Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: I'd like to move forward to the next thing
[2018-11-13T17:58:23.003Z]	<dmitriz>	… if you could put a link to the report
[2018-11-13T17:58:29.243Z]	<dmitriz>	… I've pitched it a few times to people.
[2018-11-13T17:58:41.711Z]	<dmitriz>	… I'd certainly like to see it happen. I'd like to see us all do well.
[2018-11-13T17:58:44.189Z]	<manu>	+1 to wanting to see us all do well.
[2018-11-13T17:58:48.183Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: ok, closing comments?
[2018-11-13T17:59:00.283Z]	<dmitriz>	… we'll focus on pain points next week
[2018-11-13T17:59:18.673Z]	<dmitriz>	… we need to be able to put this explainer document, it'll have to be open source, go onto various mailing lists
[2018-11-13T17:59:28.688Z]	<dmitriz>	… we can't progress without writing up some of this stuff
[2018-11-13T17:59:41.124Z]	<dmitriz>	… it doesn't need to be the full report. we just need a 2-4 page thing, that's better than the current DID Primer
[2018-11-13T17:59:43.965Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-11-13T17:59:47.043Z]	<dmitriz>	… anyone else?
[2018-11-13T17:59:47.605Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-11-13T17:59:59.863Z]	<MosesMa>	thanks for being visionary and see y'all next time! bye!
[2018-11-13T18:00:01.827Z]	<dmitriz>	… ok, nobody else on the queue. everybody, thank you for your stories today
[2018-11-13T18:00:07.937Z]	<dmitriz>	… look forward to working with you in the next few weeks
[2018-11-13T18:00:11.270Z]	<dmitriz>	… thank you, bye
[2018-11-13T18:00:25.545Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2018-11-13T18:00:28.920Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect f5
[2018-11-13T18:00:34.080Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect f8
[2018-11-13T18:00:34.090Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect f9
[2018-11-13T18:00:37.400Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 101
[2018-11-13T18:00:38.116Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 103
[2018-11-13T18:00:43.468Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 107
[2018-11-13T18:00:43.476Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 10d
