[Tue 11:06:00] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Nov/0019.html
[Tue 11:06:50] *	ShaneM has quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)
[Tue 11:06:55] *	bblfish (~bblfish@cpc2-popl3-2-0-cust563.13-2.cable.virginm.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:07:01] <NateOtto>	scribe: stonematt
[Tue 11:07:01] <NateOtto>	Manu, sorry I can't stay for more than a few minutes. I'm double booked. Only one item essential to update me on. I'd like to participate in the Task Force as the Badge Alliance, but the BA wants to wait to join as a W3C member until an official working group is approved. Have there been any updates on whether we can have prospective-but-non-current-members participating in the Task Force?
[Tue 11:07:35] <voip-cr>	17736142279 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002de] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:44] *	ShaneM (~ShaneM@50-205-178-90-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:08:09] <NateOtto>	Badge Alliance will join when the Working Group is created. We strongly believe in that.
[Tue 11:08:16] <stonematt>	manu: must be a W3C member to be a participant of the WG.
[Tue 11:08:24] <NateOtto>	Would rather not join at any point when the WG is not yet approved.
[Tue 11:08:34] *	StuartSutton has quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)
[Tue 11:08:55] *	StuartSutton (~StuartSut@c-50-185-98-120.hsd1.ca.comcast.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:09:17] <stonematt>	Manu: must be a W3C member to be a participant of the IG also.
[Tue 11:09:18] *	StuartSutton (~StuartSut@c-50-185-98-120.hsd1.ca.comcast.net) has left #credentials
[Tue 11:09:51] <stonematt>	stone: how many of the 40 members are w3c members?
[Tue 11:09:54] *	StuartSutton (~StuartSut@c-50-185-98-120.hsd1.ca.comcast.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:10:30] <stonematt>	manu: 17 members today, 7 committd to join, 16 that are on the fence based on resource availability
[Tue 11:11:10] <stonematt>	manu: commitment is contingent on the creation of the credentials working group
[Tue 11:12:39] <NateOtto>	Cool, thanks for the update on membership. I'll drop off now and listen to the audio later. Support your position, manu! Good luck.
[Tue 11:13:02] <manu>	voip: 2de is ChrisWebber
[Tue 11:13:03] <voip-cr>	Associated ChrisWebber with SIP/69.71.222.196-000002de.
[Tue 11:13:12] <manu>	Topic: Current Status of Task Force Proposal
[Tue 11:14:10] <stonematt>	manu: w3c staff suggested we create a new task force around creation of charter.  this group suggested we invite the interested parties that are currently absent
[Tue 11:14:10] <voip-cr>	Gregg Kellogg [SIP/sip2sip.info-000002df] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:14:11] <manu>	http://www.w3.org/2015/11/16-wpay-minutes.html
[Tue 11:14:15] <voip-cr>	Gregg Kellogg [SIP/sip2sip.info-000002e0] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:14:56] <stonematt>	manu: minutes suggest that there wasn't an understanding of what we're doing
[Tue 11:15:13] <stonematt>	manu: we assert we are a neutral meeting place, and anyone is welcome.
[Tue 11:15:29] <voip-cr>	bblfish [SIP/sip2sip.info-000002e1] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:15:40] <stonematt>	manu: w3c staff is concerned that relevant voices aren't being heard
[Tue 11:16:13] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce
[Tue 11:16:24] <stonematt>	manu: have 2 new proposals on table 1) task force on this community group to answer question in problem statement
[Tue 11:17:01] <stonematt>	manu: proposal to change term from credential to Verifiable Claim
[Tue 11:17:05] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#Problem_Statement
[Tue 11:17:45] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-000002e2] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:18:35] <stonematt>	manu: w3c staff is concerned that we've already made decisions - change assertion to questions in Verifiable Claims Task Force
[Tue 11:19:21] <stonematt>	manu: invite facebook, paypal, amazon to discuss these question and identify overlap.
[Tue 11:20:36] <stonematt>	manu: discussed proposals w/ w3c staff. heavily circulated inside w3c. 11/23 meeting to discuss.
[Tue 11:20:51] <stonematt>	manu: issues as they stand now:
[Tue 11:21:14] <stonematt>	manu: 1) if in web payments IG, will need legal involved for IPR consequences
[Tue 11:21:52] <stonematt>	manu: legal review could be quick or VERY lengthy
[Tue 11:22:41] <stonematt>	manu: 2) if in community group, concern that it's not neutral.  would essential keep the IPR question out of the mix
[Tue 11:23:03] <stonematt>	manu: works as long as we follow the questions and problem statements in the verifiable claims task force
[Tue 11:23:28] <stonematt>	manu: we think option 2 is better, but seek blessing from w3c staff
[Tue 11:24:40] <stonematt>	alex: will you include a tag that indicates these notes, like "important - please read"
[Tue 11:25:09] <stonematt>	stonematt: are we getting an invite to participate in these calls?
[Tue 11:25:28] <stonematt>	manu: maybe, chairs have to make the invites.
[Tue 11:25:55] <ShaneM>	10 AM Eastern
[Tue 11:26:01] <stonematt>	manu: who is interested in being on the call?
[Tue 11:26:30] <stonematt>	yes from: Stone, Richard, Stuart (but unavailable)...
[Tue 11:28:15] <stonematt>	manu: from w3c: digital signature and LD is a distraction - key thing we're doing that's not in ITF is credentials are user centric.
[Tue 11:28:31] <stonematt>	manu: makes it more private and more portable
[Tue 11:29:14] <stonematt>	manu: w3c: strongest pushback is from OpenID Connect and SAML, what's different here? User Centric, not Service Centric
[Tue 11:29:54] <bblfish>	q+
[Tue 11:29:54] <voip-cr>	bblfish has been added to the queue: bblfish
[Tue 11:30:00] <stonematt>	manu: w3c is "the web is for everyone" and service centric isn't necessarily so.
[Tue 11:30:07] <manu>	ack bblfish 
[Tue 11:30:08] <voip-cr>	bblfish has the floor.
[Tue 11:30:17] <dlongley>	With user-centric credentials: credentials are linked to identities, not particular Web sites or services. Holders control which credentials to use and when. Credential consumers need only trust issuers, allowing holders to freely choose and swap out the services they employ to help them manage and share their credentials.
[Tue 11:32:10] <stonematt>	henry: consider as a key notion a way to make Linked Data a key concept - as a way for organziations and people to actually cooperate where this is no centralized control
[Tue 11:32:10] <manu>	q+ to mention that we're not falling back on Linked Data, just trying to find the best way of moving the discussion forward.
[Tue 11:32:11] <voip-cr>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:32:56] <stonematt>	manu: shouldn't compromise on LD, but  not start there.
[Tue 11:33:38] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:33:38] <voip-cr>	manu has the floor (to mention that we're not falling back on Linked Data, just trying to find the best way of moving the discussion forward.).
[Tue 11:33:54] <stonematt>	manu: tring to find a couple very deft and compelling arguments to validate the need for this work.
[Tue 11:34:42] <bblfish>	makes sense.
[Tue 11:35:59] <dlongley>	we need a standard, machine-readable data format for expressing identity credentials that can be extended with minimal coordination ... but need a better line of argumentation to demonstrate the power of that.
[Tue 11:36:17] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#Deliverables
[Tue 11:36:34] <stonematt>	henry: have more tools now and big players, like IBM and Oracle so we have industry coming on our side, but understand the strategy to get the discussion going
[Tue 11:37:12] <stonematt>	manu: want to engage the nay-sayers to work through these qeuestions
[Tue 11:37:26] <stonematt>	manu: need these stakeholders to become allies, (Facebook, Google, Amazon, etc)
[Tue 11:39:06] <stonematt>	manu: trying to keep this from becoming an adversarial process by engaging all concerned.
[Tue 11:39:54] <manu>	Stone: Assuming we go this direction and bring these parties in - is it a facilitated meeting going through the list of questions - methodically and intentionally?
[Tue 11:40:41] <stonematt>	manu: will continue to have thses meeting over the next  couple of weeks.  will do interviews w/ these stakeholders as they have time.  will meet on demand.
[Tue 11:41:09] <stonematt>	manu: we won't wait for Tuesday meetings - we'll be flexible...
[Tue 11:41:26] <stonematt>	manu: will compress as many as possible in Nov/Dec/Jan
[Tue 11:41:34] <stonematt>	+1 from stone
[Tue 11:42:00] <dlongley>	+1 to the proposal
[Tue 11:42:16] <StuartSutton>	+1
[Tue 11:42:25] <bsletten>	+1 Insofar as I grok it from this feed
[Tue 11:42:26] <JohnTib>	+1 for user-centricity
[Tue 11:42:27] <stonematt>	Manu will "write this up" and send it to appropriate mailing lists at W3C
[Tue 11:42:28] <Alex____>	+1
[Tue 11:42:39] <manu>	Topic: Focus on Use Cases
[Tue 11:42:41] <stonematt>	+1 for focus on User Centric from stone as well
[Tue 11:43:24] <stonematt>	Brian Sletten will start working with us on use cases with help of Dan Burnett
[Tue 11:43:57] *	dlongley brian sletten is already working on use cases, he'll be joined by daniel burnett
[Tue 11:44:22] <ShaneM>	I am happy to help
[Tue 11:44:40] <stonematt>	stone: I'm willing to learn
[Tue 11:44:48] <gkellogg>	I can help out
[Tue 11:45:11] <Alex>	We are working on use cases in PESC as well so in the future I can begin helping introduce that
[Tue 11:45:20] <manu>	Topic: ToDo Items
[Tue 11:45:22] <manu>	https://github.com/opencreds/website/issues/14
[Tue 11:45:23] <Alex____>	Not ready this week yet though
[Tue 11:45:30] <voip-cr>	17736142279 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002e3] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:45:58] <JohnTib>	for bblfish: I believe there's subtle reason why 'user' centricity (I'd almost call it entity-centricity) is uniquely enabled by Linked Data..so there's a tie-in.  But you have to be LD-aware to appreciate it.
[Tue 11:46:16] <manu>	voip: 2e3 is ChrisWebber
[Tue 11:46:17] <voip-cr>	Associated ChrisWebber with SIP/69.71.222.196-000002e3.
[Tue 11:47:06] <bblfish>	JohnTib: yes, though I would emphasize cross organisational co-operation, as that is where linkability comes in as key.
[Tue 11:47:06] <bblfish>	Present+ webber, rob, stuart, dmitriy, viktor, Richard, taaz
[Tue 11:47:14] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.110-000002d1] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:47:15] *	StuartSutton (~StuartSut@c-50-185-98-120.hsd1.ca.comcast.net) has left #credentials
[Tue 11:47:15] <voip-cr>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000002d8] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:47:16] <voip-cr>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000002d0] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:47:19] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-000002e2] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:47:19] <voip-cr>	Gregg Kellogg [SIP/sip2sip.info-000002df] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:47:19] <voip-cr>	Gregg Kellogg [SIP/sip2sip.info-000002e0] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:47:19] <voip-cr>	Viktor Haag [SIP/sip2sip.info-000002d9] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:47:20] <voip-cr>	bblfish [SIP/sip2sip.info-000002e1] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:47:29] <voip-cr>	John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-000002d2] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:47:33] <voip-cr>	Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-000002d4] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:47:46] *	ViktorHaag has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 11:47:47] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:47:48] <voip-cr>	Conference participants are: ShaneM [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002d3], AlexJackl [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002d6], StoneMatt [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002d7], RichardVarn [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002da], NateOtto [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002db], 15409614469 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002dc], ChrisWebber [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002de], ChrisWebber [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002e3].
[Tue 11:47:51] <manu>	voip: disconnect 2d3
[Tue 11:47:52] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting ShaneM [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002d3].
[Tue 11:47:52] <voip-cr>	ShaneM [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002d3] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:47:53] <manu>	voip: disconnect 2d6
[Tue 11:47:53] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting AlexJackl [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002d6].
[Tue 11:47:53] <voip-cr>	AlexJackl [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002d6] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:47:55] <manu>	voip: disconnect 2d7
[Tue 11:47:55] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting StoneMatt [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002d7].
[Tue 11:47:55] <voip-cr>	StoneMatt [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002d7] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:47:56] <manu>	voip: disconnect 2da
[Tue 11:47:57] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting RichardVarn [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002da].
[Tue 11:47:57] <voip-cr>	RichardVarn [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002da] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:47:58] <manu>	voip: disconnect 2dc
[Tue 11:47:58] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting 15409614469 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002dc].
[Tue 11:47:58] <voip-cr>	15409614469 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002dc] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:47:59] <manu>	voip: disconnect 2de
[Tue 11:48:00] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting ChrisWebber [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002de].
[Tue 11:48:00] <voip-cr>	ChrisWebber [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002de] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:48:02] <manu>	voip: disconnect 2e3
[Tue 11:48:03] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting ChrisWebber [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002e3].
[Tue 11:48:03] <voip-cr>	ChrisWebber [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002e3] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:48:09] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:48:10] <voip-cr>	Conference participants are: NateOtto [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002db].
[Tue 11:48:12] *	Alex____ has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 11:48:13] <bblfish>	JohnTib: that is it is useful to have something user centric, but without linkability we are in the 1980ies PC era.
[Tue 11:48:14] <manu>	voip: disconnect 2db
[Tue 11:48:14] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting NateOtto [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002db].
[Tue 11:48:14] <voip-cr>	NateOtto [SIP/69.71.222.196-000002db] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:48:14] <voip-cr>	No one is in the conference.
[Tue 11:48:14] *	voip-cr has quit (Quit: Shutting down...)
