[2019-10-08T16:01:33.973Z]	<Justin_R>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:01:34.517Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:01:43.834Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:02:06.423Z]	<sumita>	can we get info about the DID WG call details? USAA would like to participate.
[2019-10-08T16:02:28.148Z]	<Helen>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:02:53.595Z]	<TallTed>	present+ Ted_Thibodeau
[2019-10-08T16:03:01.408Z]	<kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Oct/0003.html
[2019-10-08T16:03:03.806Z]	<ahripak>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:03:48.861Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:04:19.714Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:04:27.555Z]	<gabec>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:04:29.306Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:04:36.154Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:04:36.279Z]	<joel>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:04:39.693Z]	<sumita>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:04:40.295Z]	<gabec>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:04:41.862Z]	<yancy>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:04:57.402Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:05:01.179Z]	<Brent>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:05:16.154Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/join
[2019-10-08T16:05:26.907Z]	<Shivam_sethi>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:06:20.294Z]	<manu>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:06:26.285Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:06:36.425Z]	<ahripak>	Having issues connecting to voice, apologies for the voip messagesâ€”keeps disconnecting
[2019-10-08T16:06:45.081Z]	<identitywoman>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:06:46.314Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: number?
[2019-10-08T16:06:48.148Z]	<manu>	q+ to request addition to Agenda... 5 minutes -- wrapping up and archiving CCG DID spec repo.
[2019-10-08T16:06:51.336Z]	<gabec>	queue+
[2019-10-08T16:06:55.766Z]	<manu>	q+ gabec
[2019-10-08T16:06:58.574Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.w3.org/community/about/agreements/cla/
[2019-10-08T16:07:20.340Z]	<kimhd>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LkqZ10z7FeV3EgMIQEJ9achEYMzy1d_2S90Q_lQ0y8M/edit?usp=sharing
[2019-10-08T16:08:41.462Z]	<ahripak>	voip: a9f
[2019-10-08T16:08:47.128Z]	<JeffO-StL>	JeffO - unable, on job site by-standing this call...
[2019-10-08T16:08:54.494Z]	<manu>	voip: a9f is ahripak
[2019-10-08T16:09:00.115Z]	<ahripak>	thank you, manu
[2019-10-08T16:09:19.643Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2019-10-08T16:10:02.515Z]	<kimhd>	Scribe: gannan
[2019-10-08T16:10:36.809Z]	<manu>	Topic: Introductions / Reintroductions
[2019-10-08T16:10:39.289Z]	<ottonomy>	@manu howdy, will join audio in a minute. I kept popping up on weeks where the call was canceled recently and being busy on weeks where it was held. Can't wait to catch up.
[2019-10-08T16:11:00.707Z]	<kimhd>	presen+ ahripak, gabec, yancy, helen, mbertazz
[2019-10-08T16:11:24.636Z]	<gannan>	ahripak: Hi all, here from Credly
[2019-10-08T16:11:44.461Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-10-08T16:11:52.014Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-10-08T16:12:27.946Z]	<gannan>	manu: The DID-Spec, the CCG version was taken up by DIDWG. The CCG has to wrap up an archive of our version of the spec. There's a couple of issues and PRs that are outstanding
[2019-10-08T16:12:41.704Z]	<gannan>	... we want to process them and get agreement to help chairs and editors make progress
[2019-10-08T16:12:56.017Z]	<gannan>	kimhd: We may need to do that during next week's call
[2019-10-08T16:13:17.158Z]	<gannan>	... we'll keep it in mind but please send an email so we can add to the agenda next week
[2019-10-08T16:13:20.276Z]	<gannan>	manu: okay thanks
[2019-10-08T16:13:25.982Z]	<kimhd>	ack gabec
[2019-10-08T16:13:33.916Z]	<gannan>	gabec: He this is Gabe Cohen from Workday...
[2019-10-08T16:13:42.134Z]	<gannan>	... presented last week at IIW
[2019-10-08T16:14:20.239Z]	<gannan>	kimhd: We're glad to have you on the call
[2019-10-08T16:14:25.053Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Announcements & Reminders
[2019-10-08T16:14:27.795Z]	<gannan>	gabec: I'll send a draft in
[2019-10-08T16:14:32.867Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2019-10-08T16:14:44.067Z]	<gannan>	kimhd: We try to keep the link updated
[2019-10-08T16:14:52.258Z]	<kimhd>	https://zoom.us/j/7077077007
[2019-10-08T16:15:06.645Z]	<gannan>	... the interesting DID calls are on Thursdays at 1PM PT
[2019-10-08T16:15:13.708Z]	<gannan>	... we have a DID WG launched
[2019-10-08T16:15:24.288Z]	<gannan>	... must be a W3C Member or Invited Expert
[2019-10-08T16:15:34.660Z]	<gannan>	... every Tuesday right before this call (usually)
[2019-10-08T16:15:46.635Z]	<gannan>	... chairs is Brent and Dan
[2019-10-08T16:15:52.317Z]	<gannan>	... Ivan is the staff contact
[2019-10-08T16:16:05.076Z]	<gannan>	... on action items, we need to revisit them
[2019-10-08T16:16:40.061Z]	<gannan>	... Helen is going to lead. Helen lead a session on this on TPAC. This was a great way to think outside of the way we already think about DIDs. This will be a good exercise for the group
[2019-10-08T16:16:53.846Z]	<gannan>	... now that the DIDWG is started there's a question on how more people can get involved
[2019-10-08T16:17:10.346Z]	<gannan>	... Helen brings up great ideas on how to communicate DIDs to a broader audience
[2019-10-08T16:17:18.078Z]	<gannan>	... I'm happy that she was able to join
[2019-10-08T16:17:29.017Z]	<kimhd>	https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1O_jjvRtTsmFSucuw3LdtaVewCRMiX3DmmajT_h20a4w/edit?usp=sharing_eip&ts=5d97ab58
[2019-10-08T16:17:57.874Z]	<gannan>	kimhd: Linked is the slides
[2019-10-08T16:18:05.397Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: DIDs from a non-technical perspective
[2019-10-08T16:19:05.676Z]	<gannan>	Helen: This is a call with the most preeminent minds in the space...
[2019-10-08T16:25:06.954Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2019-10-08T16:27:17.722Z]	<kimhd>	ack kimhd
[2019-10-08T16:27:22.715Z]	<manu>	voip: aa8 is mute
[2019-10-08T16:27:30.680Z]	<manu>	voip: mute aa8
[2019-10-08T16:27:33.848Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: noise?
[2019-10-08T16:27:59.256Z]	<manu>	voip: aa8 is mbertazz
[2019-10-08T16:32:13.316Z]	<manu>	q+ to note drivers licenses...
[2019-10-08T16:32:25.294Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-10-08T16:32:32.039Z]	<gannan>	Helen: Are there any metaphors that others use?
[2019-10-08T16:32:49.974Z]	<gannan>	manu: For VCs the example we use...
[2019-10-08T16:32:56.063Z]	<gannan>	... we started with the over age credential
[2019-10-08T16:33:07.336Z]	<gannan>	... moved to a University Credential
[2019-10-08T16:33:19.864Z]	<gannan>	... we fall back to the Driver's License Credential
[2019-10-08T16:33:36.204Z]	<gannan>	... we use the example with using that credential for a car rental
[2019-10-08T16:33:44.680Z]	<gannan>	... it tends to be a long example to explain
[2019-10-08T16:34:04.628Z]	<gannan>	... looking ahead at your slide 14 and our definitions for these things make me cringe
[2019-10-08T16:34:23.582Z]	<gannan>	Helen: That's really helpful. Having 10mins when doing a 1hr presentation is a long time...
[2019-10-08T16:34:31.827Z]	<gannan>	... trying to abbreviate this would be helpful
[2019-10-08T16:34:34.254Z]	<dlongley>	a DID is like an SSN you create, you can prove you own, and no one can steal just by seeing it
[2019-10-08T16:34:38.194Z]	<gannan>	... the college credential is tough
[2019-10-08T16:35:01.402Z]	<gannan>	... using the college ID to get a discount on a pizza is one Nathan George uses
[2019-10-08T16:35:51.684Z]	<heathervescent>	Wasn't this a comment about the spec a while back? Making it more accessible?
[2019-10-08T16:36:16.994Z]	<identitywoman>	There is a communications and outreach working group at DIF now and it would be great to have this presentation be shared with us there too.
[2019-10-08T16:37:19.814Z]	<manu>	heathervescent, yes, it was... and we've got a number of issues lodged against the DID WG version of the spec that effectively boils down to "make it more accessible"... working on it :) -- proposed language changes to make it better are always welcome.
[2019-10-08T16:37:37.814Z]	<dmitriz>	q+ to comment on the phone home problem (not sure if I should save it till after the slides)
[2019-10-08T16:38:01.055Z]	<kimhd>	the benefits slide is fantastic
[2019-10-08T16:38:03.404Z]	<heathervescent>	@manu maybe having an editor that can communicate more clearly in non-technical jargon would be useful.
[2019-10-08T16:39:19.454Z]	<manu>	@heathervescent it would be useful to have /anyone/ that can communicate in non-technical jargon :) -- https://github.com/w3c/did-spec/ is open to the world... anyone can raise issues, propose text changes, etc.
[2019-10-08T16:40:10.848Z]	<kimhd>	ack dmitriz
[2019-10-08T16:40:11.516Z]	<gannan>	Helen: wanted to pause for any questions?
[2019-10-08T16:40:13.805Z]	<heathervescent>	@manu as I've mentioned before, github is not conducive to my participation in editing/wordsmithing. The technical overhead is too high.
[2019-10-08T16:40:22.975Z]	<gannan>	dmitriz: I wanted to add a comment about the phone home problem...
[2019-10-08T16:40:32.494Z]	<gannan>	... so one of the things that I think we should emphasize
[2019-10-08T16:40:38.347Z]	<gannan>	... that is missing from our conversations
[2019-10-08T16:40:44.537Z]	<gannan>	... that relates the phone home problem
[2019-10-08T16:40:56.767Z]	<gannan>	... is the idea of high risk vs. low risk transactions
[2019-10-08T16:41:07.994Z]	<gannan>	... at a pizza parlor, there's no reason to phone home
[2019-10-08T16:41:26.529Z]	<gannan>	... for a police officer checking a license they definitely would want to phone home back to the issue
[2019-10-08T16:41:47.286Z]	<gannan>	... I would like to add risk as a dimension to these problems
[2019-10-08T16:41:59.660Z]	<gannan>	Helen: I think this is a great idea
[2019-10-08T16:42:10.298Z]	<manu>	@heathervescent -- yep, Github continues to be a challenge there... with no clear solution :(
[2019-10-08T16:42:18.708Z]	<gannan>	... this is something to keep in my mind when conveying this technology
[2019-10-08T16:42:38.124Z]	<gannan>	kimhd: One challenge we find is asking people to contribute through Github is a technological hurdle...
[2019-10-08T16:42:45.578Z]	<gannan>	... we tried to make markdown to spec text easier
[2019-10-08T16:43:14.574Z]	<gannan>	... how can we can get people focused on readability when we have these hurdles already in the process
[2019-10-08T16:43:17.354Z]	<dmitriz>	q+ (non-urgent to propose something wrt Github and heather's point about accessibility)
[2019-10-08T16:43:28.036Z]	<kimhd>	ack dmitriz
[2019-10-08T16:43:28.683Z]	<gannan>	... I'm glad that your topic is kicking that off
[2019-10-08T16:43:41.114Z]	<gannan>	dmitriz: I wanted to offer a proposal to address Heather's point
[2019-10-08T16:43:50.883Z]	<gannan>	... if we want more non-technical contributions to the spec
[2019-10-08T16:44:14.720Z]	<gannan>	... they may bump up against the github/technical hurdle
[2019-10-08T16:44:26.760Z]	<manu>	+1 to dmitriz --- you should be able to do that w/ Editors at any time.
[2019-10-08T16:44:27.814Z]	<gannan>	... have volunteers act as a translation layer
[2019-10-08T16:44:49.294Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: I wasn't sure if we wanted to volunteer the editors for more work like that. :) but definitely!
[2019-10-08T16:45:10.114Z]	<heathervescent>	Might I suggest that we ask any non-technical people who would contribute would *want* to interface with an editing environment. Like ask for their opinion/requirements.
[2019-10-08T16:45:23.080Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-10-08T16:45:42.486Z]	<manu>	well, speaking as someone who used to work as an Editor where that used to be the normal workmode at W3C... I don't mind :)
[2019-10-08T16:46:34.159Z]	<kimhd>	+1 to this Heather: "ask for their opinion/requirements"
[2019-10-08T16:47:07.046Z]	<kimhd>	we should be able to come up with something mutually agreeable
[2019-10-08T16:47:36.155Z]	<ken>	present+ Ken_Ebert
[2019-10-08T16:49:01.965Z]	<identitywoman>	present+
[2019-10-08T16:49:49.595Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-10-08T16:50:24.101Z]	<gannan>	kimhd: I am going to turnover to identitywoman for a report out
[2019-10-08T16:50:38.754Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: IIW Report out
[2019-10-08T16:50:43.088Z]	<gannan>	identitywoman: So IIW was fantastic, there was a lot of...
[2019-10-08T16:51:09.027Z]	<gannan>	... a lot of liveness and a 100 new folks and over 300 registered participants over the three days
[2019-10-08T16:51:27.815Z]	<gannan>	... there was a lot of discussions for use cases around marginalized communities
[2019-10-08T16:51:50.827Z]	<kimhd>	add yourself to the queue if you have something to add re IIW
[2019-10-08T16:51:58.014Z]	<gannan>	... there was a lot of progress around DID communications
[2019-10-08T16:52:11.214Z]	<gannan>	... there was protocol development and where that will live in the long term
[2019-10-08T16:52:20.494Z]	<gannan>	... connect with Rouven and Sam Curren
[2019-10-08T16:52:38.228Z]	<gannan>	... we had a group of Product Managers
[2019-10-08T16:52:46.448Z]	<dmitriz>	q+ to mention data hub / data vaults work at IIW
[2019-10-08T16:53:00.367Z]	<gannan>	... they translate the technology to products that people buy
[2019-10-08T16:53:13.354Z]	<gannan>	... ton of new companies. The Sovrin folks have an incubator
[2019-10-08T16:53:27.441Z]	<gannan>	... the demo hour was full of amazing companies
[2019-10-08T16:53:39.728Z]	<gannan>	... you can go to the wiki and look up who the demoers were and a link to their site
[2019-10-08T16:53:58.645Z]	<heathervescent>	q+ heathervescent (update on SSI 101 session)
[2019-10-08T16:54:02.995Z]	<gannan>	... there was also threads along the OpenID work and SSI work
[2019-10-08T16:54:12.776Z]	<gannan>	... you can go into the details in the notes
[2019-10-08T16:55:09.142Z]	<gannan>	... I will open it up for others to make comments
[2019-10-08T16:55:13.322Z]	<gannan>	kimhd: Thank you
[2019-10-08T16:55:20.309Z]	<kimhd>	ack dmitriz
[2019-10-08T16:55:27.394Z]	<gannan>	dmitriz: I wanted to highlight DID Communication...
[2019-10-08T16:55:39.354Z]	<gannan>	... we standardized the VC Data Model
[2019-10-08T16:55:45.416Z]	<gannan>	... but the protocol was out of scope
[2019-10-08T16:56:07.406Z]	<gannan>	... now we have a situation where different dev communities invented their own which are slightly incompatible
[2019-10-08T16:56:20.925Z]	<identitywoman>	session notes - https://iiw.idcommons.net/IIW_29_Session_Notes
[2019-10-08T16:56:28.740Z]	<gannan>	... another important thing that happened at IIW, there were multiple sessions around Data Hubs and Data Vaults
[2019-10-08T16:56:38.736Z]	<gannan>	... now that we have VCs where we going to store them
[2019-10-08T16:56:50.394Z]	<identitywoman>	I would encourage folks to check out the demo hour - https://iiw.idcommons.net/IIW_29_Demo_Hour
[2019-10-08T16:56:52.661Z]	<manu>	Work done at RWoT9 on EDVs - https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot9-prague/blob/master/draft-documents/encrypted-data-vaults.md
[2019-10-08T16:56:52.708Z]	<identitywoman>	companies.
[2019-10-08T16:56:53.278Z]	<gannan>	... not sure where this standardization effort is going to live
[2019-10-08T16:57:04.297Z]	<gannan>	heathervescent: I did the SSI 101 session...
[2019-10-08T16:57:05.385Z]	<kimhd>	ack heathervescent
[2019-10-08T16:57:15.276Z]	<heathervescent>	https://www.slideshare.net/heathervescent/introduction-to-self-sovereign-identity-iiw-october-2019
[2019-10-08T16:57:16.408Z]	<gannan>	... what was different about this one, I recruited two new people
[2019-10-08T16:57:23.345Z]	<gannan>	... we got through 76 slides in an hour
[2019-10-08T16:57:43.256Z]	<gannan>	... this is interesting because it piggy backs off of some of the points made in Helen's great presentation
[2019-10-08T16:57:51.857Z]	<gannan>	... I second everything she said in her deck
[2019-10-08T16:57:58.486Z]	<gannan>	... made new slides to describe SSI
[2019-10-08T16:58:11.116Z]	<gannan>	... it builds upon the work that many of us in the community did
[2019-10-08T16:58:39.746Z]	<gannan>	identitywoman: Another thing DIF has got now is they have formed a Communications and Outreach group/committee
[2019-10-08T16:58:52.214Z]	<gannan>	... it might be a good place for those interested to collaborate
[2019-10-08T16:59:19.794Z]	<gannan>	kimhd: Close to time. We should cover next week about the DID Spec wrap-up that manu brought up
[2019-10-08T16:59:33.514Z]	<gannan>	... we'll be sure to give you time to talk about it next week
[2019-10-08T16:59:51.773Z]	<gannan>	... we'll also take time to talk about VC wrap up
[2019-10-08T16:59:56.456Z]	<gannan>	... thank you everyone
