[Tue 12:05:04] <kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Aug/0058.html
[Tue 12:04:55] <nage>	scribe: nage
[Tue 12:04:55] <nage>	Topic: Administrivia - Dialing In
[Tue 12:04:55] <nage>	kimhd: Manu, please go ahead and start and I'll add agenda references as we go
[Tue 12:05:07] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: 149 is MikeLodder
[Tue 12:05:07] <voip-ccg>	Associated MikeLodder with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000149.
[Tue 12:05:12] <dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[Tue 12:05:12] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000013c], MosesMa [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000013f], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000140], cwebber2 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000142], kimhd [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000141], nage [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000143], AdamSobieski [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000144], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000147], 15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000148], MikeLodder [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000149], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000014a], Adam Lake
[Tue 12:05:12] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/Adam-0000014b].
[Tue 12:05:17] <nage>	manu: to make the connection process simpler, if you put your first name and last name on the SIP client it will automatically identify you
[Tue 12:05:23] <kimhd>	IRC cheat sheet: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/w3c-ccg.github.io/blob/master/irc_ref.md
[Tue 12:05:30] <nage>	... if you're calling in via phone, it costs money, where the sip does not
[Tue 12:05:49] <nage>	... when we have a lot of people on the call it can come to a significant amount of money
[Tue 12:06:03] <Moses>	which sip clients do you recommend?
[Tue 12:06:16] <nage>	... please use a SIP client if you can.  If you're having problems participating, you may use the phone numbers, but please use a sip client if you can
[Tue 12:06:23] *	dlongley linphone, jitsi are two i know of
[Tue 12:06:51] <manu>	kimhd: hey, your mic changed
[Tue 12:06:53] <nage>	moses: are there clients that you recommend?
[Tue 12:06:57] <manu>	kimhd, your audio is super faint
[Tue 12:07:20] *	dlongley also you don't need to get a "sip account" of any sort you can just dial directly in (some sip clients try to sign you up with a service, this is unnecessary for these calls)
[Tue 12:07:29] <nage>	kimhd: we will update the connection instructions so that the sip path is the path we encourage
[Tue 12:07:39] <nage>	... we hope this will help with the usability
[Tue 12:07:55] <nage>	Lodder: I reported issues with the SIP client
[Tue 12:08:04] *	manu linphone and jitsi
[Tue 12:08:12] <nage>	manu: linphone and jitsi seem to work for most people
[Tue 12:08:26] <nage>	... it can be difficult but once it is running it does typically work
[Tue 12:08:35] <nage>	... you can test this number at any time to see if it works
[Tue 12:08:51] <nage>	kimhd: we have a lot of action item statuses to ask about
[Tue 12:08:58] <nage>	... and some work item status items to ask about
[Tue 12:09:00] *	manu has changed the topic to: The W3C Credentials Community Group Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Aug/0058.html
[Tue 12:09:12] <nage>	... DavidC will be talking about privacy and security requirements as well
[Tue 12:09:19] *	adam (~adam@public.cloak) has joined #CCG
[Tue 12:09:23] <nage>	... please let me know if there are other agenda items you'd like to discuss
[Tue 12:09:38] <nage>	Topic: Introductions
[Tue 12:09:38] <nage>	kimhd: Intoductions and re-introductions.  Mike, would you please introduce yourself to the group?
[Tue 12:09:54] <nage>	lodder: I am Michael Lodder, and I'm a cryptography engineer at Evernym
[Tue 12:10:13] <nage>	kimhd: Mike has been on some threads about data minimization and selective disclosure, thanks Mike
[Tue 12:10:21] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000014c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:10:26] <nage>	kimhd: I can update the connection instructions with good SIP clients and other instructions
[Tue 12:10:39] <nage>	... the next action item is to send an proposal for how the DVCG integrates
[Tue 12:10:48] *	manu \o/ yaay
[Tue 12:10:48] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000014c] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:10:52] <nage>	... no objections were raised by last friday
[Tue 12:10:53] <DavidC>	q+
[Tue 12:10:53] <voip-ccg>	DavidC has been added to the queue: manu, DavidC
[Tue 12:10:57] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 12:10:57] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to ask Kim for 3 minute Agenda item to discuss dialing in via phone vs. SIP.).
[Tue 12:11:09] <nage>	... the thought is to have them continue as an informal task force to help us address the crypto issues
[Tue 12:11:35] <dlongley>	ack DavidC
[Tue 12:11:35] <voip-ccg>	DavidC has the floor.
[Tue 12:11:35] <manu>	Draft Mission Statement https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kxm6yGnGAVgNTLMYft_cz2zW3c1AE8uSCy4i5A6OhG8/edit
[Tue 12:11:41] *	manu DavidC, you are muted.
[Tue 12:11:49] *	nage missed the second topic we are looking for any objections on
[Tue 12:11:51] *	squarfed (~squarfed@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:12:01] *	manu nage CCG Mission Statement
[Tue 12:12:23] <nage>	DavidC: There was an issue I raised on the web page that we haven't kept the idea of "user control", and I suggested a modification to the statement to insert these words
[Tue 12:12:36] <nage>	kimhd: we are also looking for any remaining objections on the mission statement
[Tue 12:12:49] <nage>	... the next agenda item is to approve that mission statement
[Tue 12:13:07] <kimhd>	scribe list: https://goo.gl/WVHuDh
[Tue 12:13:14] <nage>	... we will also be adding a subscribe button on the page, and as seen earlier in the call we have an updated scribe list (at above link)
[Tue 12:13:35] <nage>	... please feel free to add comments or reach out to me if you need to be removed from the list or have any other issue
[Tue 12:13:49] <nage>	... we are hoping to do a fairer algorithm so that the burden doesn't unfairly fall on a few people
[Tue 12:14:12] <manu>	q+ to mention reaching back out to NYT, Getty, Associated Press...
[Tue 12:14:13] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:14:23] <nage>	kimhd: We have some follow up items around news and verifiable claims topics
[Tue 12:14:25] *	mike-lodder (~mike-lodder@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:14:36] <nage>	... we would like engagement from journalists to talk about what they would like
[Tue 12:14:54] <nage>	manu: Evan from the NYT came to talk to us about this, and we were happy to get him an update.
[Tue 12:15:10] <nage>	... we would like to follow up with him and contacts at Getty, Associated Press and Reuters
[Tue 12:15:12] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:15:12] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:15:26] <nage>	... I'll take an action item to follow up with him on email CC'ing Kim and Christopher as well
[Tue 12:15:35] <Moses>	We need a mission statement for the journalism effort?
[Tue 12:15:43] <nage>	kimhd: I have a goal to find more contributors for key work items we have committed to
[Tue 12:15:54] <nage>	... I'd like to describe the state of them and which items need more assistance
[Tue 12:16:00] <nage>	... please speak up to volunteer
[Tue 12:16:12] <nage>	kimhd: Life cycle for verifiable claims is making progress
[Tue 12:16:22] *	manu Moses - we do, interested in taking a shot at drafting that?
[Tue 12:16:28] <nage>	... it isn't clear if we need additional people driving it, but we'd like more reviewers
[Tue 12:16:40] <nage>	... the next one is Privacy and Security requirements for the credentials ecosystem
[Tue 12:16:47] <nage>	... today we will discuss more about this
[Tue 12:16:54] <manu>	q+ to note DID Spec triage/structuring...
[Tue 12:16:54] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, manu
[Tue 12:17:00] <manu>	q- manu
[Tue 12:17:00] <voip-ccg>	manu has been removed from the queue: manu
[Tue 12:17:01] *	mike-lodder nage
[Tue 12:17:04] <manu>	q- manu
[Tue 12:17:04] <voip-ccg>	manu has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 12:17:05] <nage>	... The DID spec, I'm concerned about because we have a lot of interest but we need more people driving it
[Tue 12:17:05] <manu>	q+ to note DID Spec triage/structuring...
[Tue 12:17:05] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:17:16] <voip-ccg>	Unknown [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000014e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:17:29] <nage>	... we would like more people or set of people driving it
[Tue 12:17:33] <squarfed>	voip: 14e is squarfed
[Tue 12:17:33] <voip-ccg>	Associated squarfed with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000014e.
[Tue 12:17:51] <nage>	manu: what this spec likely needs isn't a project manager type person (they tend to have difficulty triaging items from a technical perspective)
[Tue 12:18:02] <dlongley>	+1 for running down that list.
[Tue 12:18:06] <nage>	... the best thing to focus on here is probably "every single item that goes into a DDO"
[Tue 12:18:34] <nage>	+1 to the DDO next step - there are plans to do this at RWoT and the new draft has been opened up for feedback
[Tue 12:19:18] <nage>	... we have been waiting to see how to engage, but want to make sure we're not waiting for things that can be discussed in the short term
[Tue 12:19:50] <nage>	kimhd: we have a lot of people listed as champions, but who is pushing the work items, reviewing issues, and scheduling out of band meetings?
[Tue 12:20:06] <nage>	q+
[Tue 12:20:06] <voip-ccg>	nage has been added to the queue: manu, nage
[Tue 12:20:10] <manu>	q- manu
[Tue 12:20:10] <voip-ccg>	manu has been removed from the queue: nage
[Tue 12:20:38] <manu>	nage: I know Drummond is interested in that as well, but he's been on the road. We should reach out to both of them to see what their plans are on that.
[Tue 12:20:46] <manu>	nage: I think there is more of a communications gap than anything else.
[Tue 12:20:47] <mike-lodder>	+q
[Tue 12:20:52] <manu>	q+ mike-lodder 
[Tue 12:20:52] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: nage, mike-lodder
[Tue 12:20:54] <nage>	nage: mentioned that Drummond is interested in this topic as well
[Tue 12:20:54] <manu>	ack nage
[Tue 12:20:54] <voip-ccg>	nage has the floor.
[Tue 12:21:08] <nage>	KimHD is reaching out to Drummond and Christopher to try to close the communications gaps here
[Tue 12:21:14] *	dlongley mike-lodder: jfyi, it's `q+` to get on the queue (not `+q`)
[Tue 12:21:17] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000150] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:21:22] *	dlongley but manu put you on there.
[Tue 12:21:27] <nage>	kimhd: data minimization and selective disclosure
[Tue 12:21:35] <nage>	... we have some specialized signature suites here
[Tue 12:21:43] <nage>	... people have volunteered to help here, and I think we'll be good at this
[Tue 12:21:44] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000150] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:21:52] <nage>	... Lionel has volunteered to help drive some things here
[Tue 12:21:54] *	cwebber2 arg
[Tue 12:22:02] <nage>	... and Christopher and I would like to help where we can
[Tue 12:22:06] <nage>	q+
[Tue 12:22:06] <voip-ccg>	nage has been added to the queue: mike-lodder, nage
[Tue 12:22:25] <nage>	kimhd: then the last item is browser APIs and polyfill
[Tue 12:22:37] *	rgrant (~rgrant@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:22:42] <nage>	... which is the next agenda item after the mission statement
[Tue 12:23:33] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000151] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:23:55] <voip-ccg>	972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000152] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:24:00] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000151] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:24:01] *	mike-lodder /msg dlongley thanks
[Tue 12:24:03] *	Lionel (~Lionel@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:24:14] <manu>	Topic: Mission Statement Review
[Tue 12:24:20] <kimhd>	https://goo.gl/sNs2vl
[Tue 12:24:37] *	manu waves hi to Lionel o/
[Tue 12:24:58] <nage>	kimhd: David, can I have you talk to your comment on the mission statement?
[Tue 12:25:28] <Lionel>	Lionel: lmk if the select-dis/data-min is on the agenda, or did I miss that
[Tue 12:25:36] <manu>	q+ to mention that self-sovereign identity takes care of that... link to Christopher's blog post/paper, etc.
[Tue 12:25:36] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: mike-lodder, nage, manu
[Tue 12:25:45] <nage>	DavidC: what here differentiates that we want the person or subject or user to be in control of this information, and how the user stays in control of the system
[Tue 12:25:47] <nage>	q-
[Tue 12:25:47] <voip-ccg>	nage has been removed from the queue: mike-lodder, manu
[Tue 12:25:58] <nage>	ack mike-lodder
[Tue 12:25:58] <voip-ccg>	mike-lodder has the floor.
[Tue 12:26:07] <nage>	q?
[Tue 12:26:07] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:26:32] <nage>	kimhd: some concept of user-centricity or user control is the big advantage to the approach we are thinking about we didn't cover
[Tue 12:26:46] <nage>	... I'll add something about that here and lets iterate on that on the mailing list
[Tue 12:27:34] *	rgrant loads screen
[Tue 12:27:44] <voip-ccg>	mosesma [SIP/www.futurelabconsulting.com-00000155] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:28:12] <voip-ccg>	mosesma [SIP/www.futurelabconsulting.com-00000155] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:28:24] <nage>	... rgrant has asked about privacy as a main objective and how we talk about the consequences of data minimization in a way that highlights the privacy features
[Tue 12:28:54] <nage>	rgrant: I remember there being some other question here that I was responding to that I don't see here in the comments now
[Tue 12:29:16] <nage>	... I wished to express that it is still a main objective (the content this comment points to is now missing)
[Tue 12:29:24] <nage>	kimhd: I think I know what that was referring to now
[Tue 12:29:34] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:29:34] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:29:34] <nage>	rgrant: I don't have a specific problem with the current proposal
[Tue 12:29:48] <nage>	... if others think their issues are resolved, then I think I'm okay with this
[Tue 12:30:04] <nage>	kimhd: I'll send another draft and we'll extend the feedback deadline a bit more
[Tue 12:30:36] <nage>	manu: I don't want to prolong the discussion about the mission statement, I don't think any change we're discussing will really change what the group is doing
[Tue 12:30:44] <nage>	... as a result of that user control
[Tue 12:31:17] <Lionel>	+1 manu, to closing the mission statement
[Tue 12:31:35] *	nage lost audio
[Tue 12:31:35] *	nage appreciates help with notes if others are still on the call and have audio
[Tue 12:31:43] *	nage has audio back again
[Tue 12:32:43] <nage>	kimhd: I'm also inclined to keep that, because self-soveriegn identity is a form of management but this also has a larger idea of how credentials are managed generally
[Tue 12:32:58] <nage>	manu: if there are no other concerns lets get it added, close the mission statement and move on
[Tue 12:33:14] <dlongley>	Topic: Credential Handler API (and polyfill)
[Tue 12:33:14] <dlongley>	https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ipvZFvBVLx2mM1_5OeOPLq9fCoqorFyC2Hl8fmxZ7Mw
[Tue 12:33:15] <nage>	kimhd: lets have dlongley and possibly manu talk to us about browser polyfill
[Tue 12:33:30] <nage>	dlongley: here are some slides that you can use to follow along
[Tue 12:33:41] *	mike-lodder has quit (Client closed connection)
[Tue 12:33:45] <nage>	... this is about a browser, web API to store credentials and share them across websites
[Tue 12:33:50] *	cwebber2 not succeeding at SIP call :<
[Tue 12:34:03] <nage>	... one is for performing an implementation and the other to make a spec so that it can be implemented natively in browsers
[Tue 12:34:33] <nage>	... after the javascript for websites to use, then is a spec for browsers to implement
[Tue 12:34:43] <nage>	... we have gotten quite a bit work done on the implementation side of things
[Tue 12:34:54] <nage>	... there are links at the end to see a demo of where we are at today
[Tue 12:35:04] <nage>	... we have named this api the "credential handler" api
[Tue 12:35:17] <nage>	... we have an existing api called the credential manger api
[Tue 12:35:30] <nage>	... this api enables people to get and store credentials, but we are talking about things like passwords here
[Tue 12:35:44] <nage>	... this is a way to get access to the browsers password manager
[Tue 12:35:53] <nage>	... and it is limited to same origin credentials like passwords
[Tue 12:36:07] <nage>	... updating it requires updating the browser for each type of credential that you can think of
[Tue 12:36:27] <nage>	... we want anyone to be able to come in, create a new credential and then go from there
[Tue 12:36:40] <nage>	... right now the extensibility is limited in that sense
[Tue 12:36:51] <nage>	... we are creating an interface for creating a new credential type
[Tue 12:37:21] <nage>	... this new api will create a new single type of "web credential" that lets third party websites handle requests for this type of generic web credential
[Tue 12:37:30] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:37:30] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:37:35] <nage>	... which would let innovation on what types of credentials exist get pushed out to the edge
[Tue 12:37:43] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000156] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:37:49] <nage>	... in this work we would define one subtype to start with, a verifiable profile
[Tue 12:37:56] *	mike-lodder (~mike-lodder@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:38:11] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000156] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:38:17] <nage>	... we have this concept of a verifiable profile which is a collection of credentials that contain claims and assertions about attributes that entities have
[Tue 12:38:32] <nage>	... this new type of credential could be passed around to different websites
[Tue 12:38:56] <nage>	... the main take away is : you do not need to update the browser when you come up with new credentials that fit this model.  Native browser code should work with it
[Tue 12:38:56] <voip-ccg>	Michael Lodder [SIP/evernym.onsip.com-00000157] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:39:12] <nage>	... In slide 4 I talk about the design of how this works
[Tue 12:39:24] <nage>	... some people might know this as a digital wallet
[Tue 12:39:34] <nage>	... this could be on your device or in some cloud service
[Tue 12:39:43] <nage>	... for the different types of credentials and identities that you might have
[Tue 12:40:05] <nage>	... this API will ask permission from the user to manage a credential for you
[Tue 12:40:32] <nage>	... this does not mean you will be the only credential repo for the user, but you can make you site a choice when a user wants to make or store credentials
[Tue 12:40:48] <nage>	... you can register different hints that will show up in a selector at a later point in time
[Tue 12:40:58] <nage>	... in slide 5 we talk more about the purpose of those hints
[Tue 12:41:14] <nage>	... here a user is visiting a website that wants to issue a credential
[Tue 12:41:32] <nage>	... they call a javascript api that looks like the credential management api and pass it a new type of credential we call a webcredential
[Tue 12:41:59] <nage>	... its subtype is VerifiableProfile.  The website generates it with the attributes you wish to have stored
[Tue 12:42:17] <nage>	... when it is called the user sees a chooser ui with the hints that were previously registered
[Tue 12:42:33] <nage>	... so on the screen you see "this website wants to store credentials for you, pick which identity you wish to store this in"
[Tue 12:43:09] <nage>	... once you click on one of those what will happen is, the credential will be passed through a credential mediator, which will take what you're trying to store, look up the handler or repository and pass it that credential
[Tue 12:43:41] <nage>	... then it will load in your browser and perhaps show some ui to help you store it (what ever the repostiory needs to do, where you delegate to that repo website of your chosing)
[Tue 12:43:58] <nage>	... on slide 6 the use case is a user is visiting a site that needs credentials
[Tue 12:44:17] <nage>	... they are querying for a verifiableprofile with a specific set of attributes
[Tue 12:44:26] <nage>	... or a specific type of credential
[Tue 12:44:53] <nage>	... what is important here is that you will be shown the same choser, to select a particular repository or identity of their choice to forward the request to
[Tue 12:45:22] <nage>	... the browser doesn't have to understand the query, it is pushed to the repository, which is responsible for helping the user provide the ui to help them make that choice
[Tue 12:46:02] <nage>	... once the user has composed that verifiable profile, it goes back through the mediator with the polyfil and gets back to the website so that they can grant you access to that action
[Tue 12:46:09] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000158] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:46:17] <Lionel>	Lionel: +1 Nice modular architecture
[Tue 12:46:36] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000158] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:46:40] <nage>	Longley: this brings you through the type of steps to needed, to get to the right places to get the needed items to get and present these credentials and have a place to store and manage them
[Tue 12:46:56] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000159] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:46:58] <nage>	... the point of the API is to push the functionality needed to support this to digital wallet providers
[Tue 12:47:19] <nage>	... there are two polyfills involved to make this work (if you're technically minded please ask about this)
[Tue 12:47:26] <Moses>	Question: would it be possible to extend this system to support email, to address phishing and spam?
[Tue 12:47:29] <nage>	Longley: the next links are rough demos of what has been implemented so far
[Tue 12:47:36] *	cwebber2 yay I got connected via SIP
[Tue 12:47:55] *	cwebber2 in my case using the linode SIP account btw, I had to turn *on* the proxy
[Tue 12:47:56] <nage>	... it should work in Chrome and is rough, but you can go to these sites in order and install a digital wallet, get a fake credential and then go to a site and present it
[Tue 12:48:05] <nage>	... on slide 8 is the meat of what we'd like to talk about today
[Tue 12:48:21] <nage>	... we've logged some issues around what we'd like to see today
[Tue 12:48:28] *	manu cwebber2 interesting... that probably means you're behind a firewall that's blocking packets :(
[Tue 12:48:31] <nage>	... there are some privacy related issues that are interesting
[Tue 12:48:32] *	cwebber2 once I turned on "route all outgoing calls through proxy" it worked
[Tue 12:48:46] <nage>	... we'd like to talk about how a verifiable profile is indicated as part of requesting credentials
[Tue 12:48:54] *	cwebber2 manu yeah... I wonder if my ISP is trying to block SIP :\
[Tue 12:48:58] <nage>	... we need to be able to prove that you are the owner of that profile when you present it
[Tue 12:49:19] *	manu cwebber2 doubt it's your ISP... most likely a middle box, like your home router...
[Tue 12:49:20] <nage>	... something else that is important on that is there is a piece of information about the destination for where you are sending the profile, because it has privacy implications
[Tue 12:49:42] <nage>	... our repositories don't need to know where you are sending the profile so far, so issuers don't need to know that information (we don't want to compromise on that)
[Tue 12:49:47] *	cwebber2 manu well I'm running an openwrt build I installed myself, but maybe it's borked in its configuration somewhere
[Tue 12:50:06] <nage>	... but it also supports the notion that perhaps the repo doesn't know, where they only know the query but not where it is going
[Tue 12:50:18] <nage>	... knowing could help them decide what to send, but they don't have to know
[Tue 12:50:32] <nage>	... should we consider the idea that repositories don't get this information?
[Tue 12:50:45] <nage>	... they either need this information or perhaps a blinded version of this information
[Tue 12:50:55] <nage>	... in the first issue, that is essentially what we're talking about
[Tue 12:51:18] <nage>	... if they are not going to perform the signature, then the responsibility falls to the broswer or the polyfill and that has political ramifications
[Tue 12:51:19] *	manu cwebber2, I'd bet your OpenWRT build is blocking SIP traffic... I've never seen one that doesn't have to be specially configured for SIP.
[Tue 12:51:30] <nage>	... the browsers would rather not add more code for a lot of security and privacy reasons
[Tue 12:51:46] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:51:46] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:51:51] <manu>	q- manu
[Tue 12:51:51] <voip-ccg>	manu has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 12:51:52] <mike-lodder>	q+
[Tue 12:51:52] <voip-ccg>	mike-lodder has been added to the queue: mike-lodder
[Tue 12:51:54] *	cwebber2 manu gotcha, guess I'll maybe try to look eventually... or more likely I'll be lazy now that it "works" ;)
[Tue 12:52:15] <nage>	... asking them to do so is a "big ask"
[Tue 12:52:15] *	nage lost audio again
[Tue 12:52:16] <DavidC>	q+
[Tue 12:52:16] <voip-ccg>	DavidC has been added to the queue: mike-lodder, DavidC
[Tue 12:52:24] <kimhd>	ack mike-lodder
[Tue 12:52:24] <voip-ccg>	mike-lodder has the floor.
[Tue 12:52:24] *	nage is back with audio again
[Tue 12:52:37] <rgrant>	q+ can you remind me why credential repository is assumed to be an external site?
[Tue 12:52:37] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been added to the queue: DavidC, rgrant
[Tue 12:52:39] <manu>	mike-lodder: You were asked about blind signatures, CL Signatures are used there often...
[Tue 12:52:58] <nage>	mike-lodder: the CL signature scheme allows a user to blind a signature to prove posession without revealing the correlation identifier
[Tue 12:53:18] <nage>	dlongley: we might be looking for something that is lighter weight as well
[Tue 12:53:26] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:53:26] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: DavidC, rgrant
[Tue 12:53:38] <nage>	... for example a simpler mechanism for blinding might be a random number that can be used for a crytpographic hash
[Tue 12:53:49] <nage>	... there are a number of different techniques that could be considered
[Tue 12:54:05] <manu>	q+ to further elaborate on why this design approach has been taken.
[Tue 12:54:05] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: DavidC, rgrant, manu
[Tue 12:54:22] <nage>	... I want people to be aware that implementation complexity on the user and browser sides will require us to convince people of what needs to be implemented
[Tue 12:54:39] <nage>	DavidC: this introduces a new party that has to be trusted with the repository into the ecosystem
[Tue 12:54:54] <nage>	... we don't want this new party to piece together what the user is doing and where they are going
[Tue 12:54:58] <dlongley>	q+ to respond to local machine repository
[Tue 12:54:58] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been added to the queue: DavidC, rgrant, manu, dlongley
[Tue 12:55:07] <kimhd>	ack DavidC
[Tue 12:55:07] <voip-ccg>	DavidC has the floor.
[Tue 12:55:22] <nage>	... if the repo is directly under the users control, the local repo could enforce items to help prevent disclosure
[Tue 12:55:30] <nage>	... which would all have correlating handles
[Tue 12:55:42] <nage>	... there are some interesting issues here.  Have you considered local repositories?
[Tue 12:56:04] <Lionel>	q?
[Tue 12:56:04] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: rgrant, manu, dlongley
[Tue 12:56:06] <nage>	dlongley: Yes, we've considered that.  This API is a web api.
[Tue 12:56:26] <nage>	... in this context we'd be talking about building this directly into the browser, which can create monopoly issues and other troubles
[Tue 12:56:44] <nage>	... for a non-browser implemented api it means we have to think of it as another party even when it is local
[Tue 12:56:55] <dlongley>	q-
[Tue 12:56:55] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been removed from the queue: rgrant, manu
[Tue 12:57:18] <nage>	rgrant: how would the protocol or message structure change if you were passing the data to another instance on your own machine?
[Tue 12:57:19] <kimhd>	ack rgrant
[Tue 12:57:19] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has the floor (can you remind me why credential repository is assumed to be an external site?).
[Tue 12:57:41] <nage>	dlongley: hopefully it wouldn't change, and how it happens would be under the control of the browser, and they could chose to do something proprietary
[Tue 12:57:58] <nage>	... but there is no reason why they would need to change (it would happen outside W3C space)
[Tue 12:58:38] <nage>	rgrant: could you qualify whether anything that isn't over a socket is outside of W3C, or are you talking about more native integration?  Aren't there options in between?
[Tue 12:58:51] <nage>	dlongley: browsers are removing native features where they agree on features
[Tue 12:59:10] <nage>	... there are ebbs and flows here, but we are on stronger ground when we're not talking about browser and OS level integrations
[Tue 12:59:23] <nage>	... when we talk about services and websites they are more willing to come to the table and talk standards
[Tue 12:59:48] <rgrant>	okay, my read is that defining message structures would be sufficient.
[Tue 12:59:51] <nage>	... sometimes that happens, but I think we're talking about a different API at that point.  The hope is to have an API in place that helps inform that integration discussion
[Tue 13:00:00] <nage>	manu: I want to underscore what dlongley has said
[Tue 13:00:07] <Lionel>	Lionel: nice acribing, nage <clap, clap>
[Tue 13:00:15] <Lionel>	Lionel: scribing
[Tue 13:00:18] <nage>	... the design for this API has been influenced by the reality of what has been happening at the W3C over the last 6 years
[Tue 13:00:54] <nage>	... it has been designed so that the browser manufacterers will be comfortable with this approach and it will be easier to say "okay" to this direction, building on work done like the webpayments and credentials apis
[Tue 13:01:19] <nage>	... it is also done in a way that is intended to protect the person's privacy, aligned with the mechanisms used to protect a user doing credential polyfill
[Tue 13:01:32] <nage>	... there are a lot of demands on this api, and we think it provides the right balance
[Tue 13:01:57] <nage>	... but there is a lot here to unpack, and we expect it will take some time to articulate the simple and deep answers to these types of questions
[Tue 13:02:10] <dlongley>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/credential-handler-api/issues
[Tue 13:02:15] <dlongley>	please add issues or comment on existing ones here
[Tue 13:02:17] <nage>	kimhd: please again look through the repos and issues and comment
[Tue 13:02:25] <nage>	... I'll follow up over email on the action items and issue we talked about
[Tue 13:02:34] <nage>	... let me know if you need more assistance on your work items
[Tue 13:02:37] <dlongley>	if you're technical, please take a look at the code/demos here: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ipvZFvBVLx2mM1_5OeOPLq9fCoqorFyC2Hl8fmxZ7Mw/edit#slide=id.g1144b8ab8b_0_75
[Tue 13:02:40] <voip-ccg>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000014a] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:02:41] <dlongley>	and provide feebdack
[Tue 13:02:42] <voip-ccg>	Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-0000014b] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:02:43] <voip-ccg>	Michael Lodder [SIP/evernym.onsip.com-00000157] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:02:43] <voip-ccg>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000140] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:02:43] <nage>	... Thanks everyone, see you next week!
[Tue 13:02:43] <manu>	Present+ Sobieski, nage, rgrant, kimhd, lodder, mosesma, webber, squarfed, sporny, longley, dlehn
