[Tue 11:06:31] <gkellogg>	scribe: gkellogg
[Tue 11:06:31] *	JohnT is now known as John_Tibbetts
[Tue 11:06:37] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.4-000000cf] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:06:38] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Jul/0019.html
[Tue 11:07:11] <gkellogg>	manu: intro to new folks, update on recruiting, then go into documents: vision, glossary, use cases, capabilities, and road map.
[Tue 11:07:27] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.4-000000d0] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:29] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to Andrew
[Tue 11:07:37] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.4-000000d0] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:07:53] <manu>	voip: 00d1 is SunnyLee
[Tue 11:07:53] <voip-cr>	Associated SunnyLee with SIP/192.168.1.226-000000d1.
[Tue 11:08:00] <gkellogg>	Andrew: I’m a PhD student at Georgia State. I’m interested in distributed hash tables.
[Tue 11:08:22] <gkellogg>	manu: we think we’re going to have quite a bit of work to do with distributed hash tables for discovery.
[Tue 11:08:39] <gkellogg>	… We’re hoping that Brendan and Andrew will be able to help us out.
[Tue 11:08:40] <voip-cr>	SunnyLee [SIP/192.168.1.226-000000d1] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:09:13] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to John Tibbetts
[Tue 11:09:51] <gkellogg>	Tibbetts: I’m an independent, working with different enterprises; ususally in systems integration. In the last decade working exclusively in higher education.
[Tue 11:10:18] <gkellogg>	… I’m active with IMS global, who adopted JSON-LD some time ago. We have a number of integration facilities and standards activities based on JSON-LD.
[Tue 11:10:22] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-000000d2] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:27] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.4-000000d3] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:38] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.4-000000d3] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:10:44] <gkellogg>	… One of the groups is tools interoperability; the predomenant way of integrating different systems with digital asset providers.
[Tue 11:10:57] <voip-cr>	Sunny Lee [SIP/192.168.1.226-000000d5] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:11:23] *	SL22 (18829a82@gateway/web/freenode/ip.24.130.154.130) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:11:26] <gkellogg>	… Some of the machinery for that is getting a bit long-in-the-tooth. We’re looking for beter ways to identify identitiy providers and so forth
[Tue 11:12:03] <gkellogg>	manu: great to have one of the core people from IMS LTI here!
[Tue 11:12:08] <manu>	Topic: Recruiting
[Tue 11:12:31] <gkellogg>	manu: To get a W3C working group started, we need to demonstrate sufficient interest in the work.
[Tue 11:12:36] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.4-000000d6] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:12:47] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.4-000000d6] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:13:05] <gkellogg>	… THis involves recuriting people to be sure that once the WG is chartered, it’s on a good path to success. Typically W3C does this, but since we’re eager to go, they’ve asked us to help.
[Tue 11:13:12] <voip-cr>	14057083343 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000000d7] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:13:39] <gkellogg>	Eric: I’ve been working on the list and have sent out invites to all my contacts. I sent out 5 directly to individuals.
[Tue 11:13:51] <gkellogg>	… I know that 4 of them say they’ve completed the process.
[Tue 11:14:03] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.4-000000d8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:14:13] <gkellogg>	… I also sent out followup to some of the 100 other contacts, but I’m concerned that they’re getting stuck in SPAM.
[Tue 11:14:14] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.4-000000d8] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:14:21] <gkellogg>	… I don’t have access to the result of the survey.
[Tue 11:14:36] <gkellogg>	… I’ve got a good template; if anyone would like to use it, I’d be happy to share.
[Tue 11:15:25] <manu>	voip: 00d7 is Brent
[Tue 11:15:25] <voip-cr>	Associated Brent with SIP/69.71.222.196-000000d7.
[Tue 11:16:02] <gkellogg>	Eric: it would be nice to get access to the stats.
[Tue 11:16:12] <gkellogg>	manu: not trying to keep it secret, but …
[Tue 11:16:34] <gkellogg>	Eric: I’ll update the summary spreadsheet.
[Tue 11:16:55] <gkellogg>	manu: good news is that from yesterday, we have in 7 new responses, so we’re close to tipping over the 5% response W3CM would like.
[Tue 11:17:06] <voip-cr>	Rob Trainer [SIP/192.168.61.4-000000db] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:17:20] <gkellogg>	… Supposedly, 5% of membership is enough, but they’d also like to see new members.
[Tue 11:17:43] <gkellogg>	Eric: I’ll send out another ping, but don’t want to pester people.
[Tue 11:18:13] <gkellogg>	manu: (reviews recent responses from spread-sheet).
[Tue 11:19:08] <manu>	scribe: NateOtto
[Tue 11:18:57] <NateOtto>	manu: JP Morgan Chase, Citrix, Ingenico (sp) which does hardware based payment terminals--they're interested in being able to provide a credential at point of sale. That's good; the emails are being effective. If we can do this same kind of growth over the next two weeks within existing membership, wer're solid.
[Tue 11:19:08] <NateOtto>	...Then we can turn our attention to new members
[Tue 11:19:12] *	gkellogg thanks Nate!
[Tue 11:19:24] <NateOtto>	manu: We have some contacts at IMS Global who can help do outreach as well.
[Tue 11:19:40] <NateOtto>	manu: In other news, we've found a W3C staff members who are very interested in championing this internally.
[Tue 11:20:28] <NateOtto>	manu: there is another employee who has been critical/roadblocking some of the work, and this other staff contact is goint to try to keep pushing it forward. In order for things to happen at W3C, you really need an internal champion, and it's good news to be chatting with this staff member.
[Tue 11:20:29] *	bshambaugh (~brent@wsip-68-106-69-247.ok.ok.cox.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:20:36] <NateOtto>	manu: So that's good news.
[Tue 11:20:55] <manu>	Nate: Two updates  - Concentric Sky - still taking deep look at tech
[Tue 11:21:06] <manu>	Nate: One engineer was concerned w/ new technologies to make it work.
[Tue 11:21:17] <manu>	Nate: We will reach out to Manu soon.
[Tue 11:21:51] <manu>	Nate: Reached out to Mozilla Foundation again, not sure they're going to push Mozilla as a company to support it. Concentric Sky is at least onboard for an Interest Group as well.
[Tue 11:22:08] <manu>	Nate: CSky would support further investigation - would hope stuff passes engineering review this week.
[Tue 11:22:39] <NateOtto>	manu: Adding this number of new technologies is a concern, but there isn't really another way around it. Happy to have more conversation.
[Tue 11:22:45] <manu>	Topic: Vision
[Tue 11:23:02] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/vision/
[Tue 11:23:11] <NateOtto>	manu: Gregg, would you mind giving an update on the documents you've been working on?
[Tue 11:23:19] *	manu bshambaugh no need to help scribe anymore - Nate's doing it.
[Tue 11:23:53] <NateOtto>	gkellogg: Updating to respec, removing payment-specific stuff, went through use cases and roadmap to make basic updates to be compatible.
[Tue 11:24:12] <NateOtto>	gkellogg: Vision document: waiting for dust to settle on Google Document shared editing space, then it can be moved over to ReSpec.
[Tue 11:24:33] <NateOtto>	manu: Big thanks to Shane who did the glossary in the Web Payments group -- benefitting from a lot of the work they have done there; stealing the work and using it here.
[Tue 11:24:59] <NateOtto>	gkellogg: we may be able to do some magic referencing github issues, which will pull the issue description out of github
[Tue 11:25:19] <NateOtto>	gkellogg: It's not hard; I've done it in a few other specs; it will probably involve creating some new issues for things that are inline in the documents now.
[Tue 11:25:30] <NateOtto>	manu: I've seen that Joe and Eric have been working on that vision document as well.
[Tue 11:25:45] <NateOtto>	manu: It's supposed to be a quick 1-2 pager to outline our vision for credentials on the web and around the world.
[Tue 11:25:57] <NateOtto>	manu: Eric, any comments on editing that you and Joe have been doing?
[Tue 11:26:29] <NateOtto>	erok210: Looking for feedback on what exactly are we calling it -- transforming, reinterpreting content from its original web payments context. Maybe we could continue to talk about it?
[Tue 11:26:36] <NateOtto>	manu: Do you want to dive into it during this call next week?
[Tue 11:26:41] <NateOtto>	erok210: That would be great.
[Tue 11:26:59] <NateOtto>	erok210: only would do that presuming that other volunteers have a chance to take a look at it between now and then
[Tue 11:27:15] <NateOtto>	manu: Take a look at this by next tuesday and leave your comments in there so we can have a good discussion on it.
[Tue 11:27:24] <NateOtto>	erok210: Has anyone else had a chance to take a look at the vision document?
[Tue 11:27:29] <manu>	Topic: Glossary
[Tue 11:27:38] <NateOtto>	manu: We have a glossary now
[Tue 11:27:38] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/glossary/
[Tue 11:28:33] <NateOtto>	manu: It is modeled after the glossary in the web payments group. The Web Payments landscape is more complicated than credentials if possible. Each standard setting organization in payments has their own language. Had trouble referencing anything like "payee" without referencing a bunch of definitions (european, US, etc).
[Tue 11:28:40] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/glossary/#terminology
[Tue 11:28:46] <NateOtto>	manu: I have a feeling we'll hit some of the same problem here, but not as bad.
[Tue 11:29:23] <NateOtto>	manu: This terminology section is a live document. When terminology is used in another other document, its definition is pulled in automatically from the glossary. It's great, because people don't have to jump around; they can just stay in the same document, and everything is kept in sync.
[Tue 11:29:25] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/glossary/#cross-references
[Tue 11:30:07] <NateOtto>	manu: Section 2 is terminology, section 3 is cross-references. The point of that is to say "this is what we mean by 'recipient', but maybe a different standard-setting body has a different definition. our definition is aligned to other definitions here, here, and here".
[Tue 11:30:26] <NateOtto>	manu: That's really all the glossary is meant to do, to help us get more accurate with the language we're using here as a group.
[Tue 11:30:28] <manu>	Topic: Use Cases
[Tue 11:30:33] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/use-cases/
[Tue 11:30:47] <NateOtto>	manu: I was not able to touch the use cases doc at all in the last week.
[Tue 11:30:55] <NateOtto>	gkellogg: only updated terminology
[Tue 11:31:06] <NateOtto>	manu: A good 6-8hrs work to move this all over is needed.
[Tue 11:31:21] <NateOtto>	Brendan: How far are we supposed to push these use cases?
[Tue 11:32:25] <NateOtto>	manu: They're supposed to be comprehensive. What we've been doing in Web payments is define at a high level: "I want a pony", without describing exactly how you're giong to get that pony. Then group goes through to prioritize, decide if that is a use case that you really want to get into the document.
[Tue 11:33:06] <NateOtto>	manu: We have to be very narrowly focused in creating a working group. If we cast the net too wide, we run the risk of creating a permanent working group, which we don't want.
[Tue 11:33:18] <NateOtto>	manu: please link to google doc of use cases
[Tue 11:33:28] <NateOtto>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GySrTXAYpwa4vDPsGE3BMA42FwIAqAyLGigKuKUTGks/edit#
[Tue 11:33:57] <NateOtto>	manu: That's the content that needs to be moved over into the new format
[Tue 11:34:11] <NateOtto>	manu: You andrew and I could talk in more detail when we chat tomorrow, about editing & respec and all that.
[Tue 11:34:20] <NateOtto>	manu: Anything else on use cases?
[Tue 11:34:20] <manu>	Topic: Capabilities
[Tue 11:34:43] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/capabilities/
[Tue 11:35:12] <NateOtto>	manu: Capabilities describe features we want the global credentials architecture to have.
[Tue 11:35:23] <NateOtto>	manu: They're a mixture of requirements and capabilities, derived from the use case
[Tue 11:35:40] <NateOtto>	manu: Progress is that the document exists, that it's hooked up to the terminology, now we just need to start filling out content.
[Tue 11:35:47] <manu>	Topic: Roadmap
[Tue 11:35:54] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/roadmap/
[Tue 11:35:56] <Blame>	I'm available to help with this now but I am nto sure how to start helping. if somebody could poke me outside this call?
[Tue 11:36:05] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/
[Tue 11:36:07] <Blame>	^ capabilities
[Tue 11:36:36] <gkellogg>	q+
[Tue 11:36:36] <voip-cr>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: gkellogg
[Tue 11:36:44] <manu>	ack gkellogg 
[Tue 11:36:44] <voip-cr>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Tue 11:36:46] <NateOtto>	manu: whenever somebody makes a change to the repository, the website updates itself. Anything you see on the site is the latest thing that's published.
[Tue 11:37:03] <NateOtto>	gkellogg: A workflow that has worked well for me in the CSV WG is to create pull requests from a feature branch for your changes.
[Tue 11:37:16] <Blame>	+1 pull requests
[Tue 11:37:28] <NateOtto>	gkellogg: In many respects, we made use of the PRs even if it was immediately pulled by the author. GitHub is good at resolving issues with this workflow.
[Tue 11:38:01] <NateOtto>	gkellogg: If you do have the ability, if you make the branch within the opencreds repository rather than within your own fork, it makes it easier for others to participate in it (who have write access as well)
[Tue 11:38:11] <NateOtto>	manu: We should adopt that work flow
[Tue 11:38:13] <NateOtto>	+1
[Tue 11:38:29] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/roadmap/
[Tue 11:38:32] <NateOtto>	manu: Any objections to adopting pull requests? No. Ok, that will be the way we work.
[Tue 11:38:52] <Blame>	There is a bit of learning curve with git. But for just text editing, you could even do it only in the github webui.
[Tue 11:38:56] <NateOtto>	manu: back to the Roadmap... I haven't been able to touch that document at all. gkellogg ?
[Tue 11:39:14] <NateOtto>	manu: Still needs updating
[Tue 11:39:42] <NateOtto>	manu: We've made quite a bit of progress in the last week. At this point, it's just a bunch of grunt work to move text from google docs, then do a bunch of editing
[Tue 11:39:53] <NateOtto>	manu: After editors get the first set of text in there, we'll ask for reviews from the group.
[Tue 11:40:58] <NateOtto>	manu: Anything else to discuss today? Editors, try to get some text written this week so we can review next week. Send a ping out to the mailing list so people can review additions and share thoughts on this call next week.
[Tue 11:41:27] <bshambaugh>	Vint Cerf?
[Tue 11:41:31] <NateOtto>	erok210: I would bring everybody's attention to the video timothy posted to the group. A point about 30m in that is about exactly what we're doing.
[Tue 11:41:33] <SL22>	http://www.c-span.org/video/?325750-1/google-vice-president-vint-cerf-future-internet
[Tue 11:41:34] <voip-cr>	John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-000000dc] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:42:22] <Blame>	https://github.com/opencreds/website/issues/5
[Tue 11:43:18] <NateOtto>	manu: We have good contacts to VInt Cerf and have briefly mentioned this to him, though he probably talks to 1000 people a month, so he might need a refresher. Great work, everybody, we might be able to piece together something we can act on based on Tim's post.
[Tue 11:43:31] <NateOtto>	manu: Thanks everyone for the call. Have a great week.
[Tue 11:43:31] <NateOtto>	Present+ Sunny, lehn, rob, laura
