2019-07-02T17:01:22.266Z]	<burn>	******************* DID WG CHARTER *********************
[2019-07-02T17:01:44.727Z]	<bbarnhill>	Unfortunately I need to drop, and can’t make the DID WG Charter call.
[2019-07-02T17:02:09.317Z]	<manu>	Topic: DID WG Charter Task Force
[2019-07-02T17:03:17.726Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://zoom.us/j/7077077007
[2019-07-02T17:03:29.824Z]	<markus_sabadello>	Yes let's all switch to Zoom https://zoom.us/j/7077077007
[2019-07-02T17:04:19.776Z]	<ken>	zoom link?
[2019-07-02T17:04:29.609Z]	<brent>	https://zoom.us/j/7077077007
[2019-07-02T17:06:06.462Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2019-07-02T17:06:49.169Z]	<burn>	present+
[2019-07-02T17:07:02.417Z]	<James___KP>	present+
[2019-07-02T17:07:19.864Z]	<manu>	it's possible, we can do it!!!! :)
[2019-07-02T17:07:28.251Z]	<manu>	I believe in the DID WG Charter Task Force!
[2019-07-02T17:08:24.803Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pulls
[2019-07-02T17:08:29.782Z]	<kimhd>	Scribe: kimhd
[2019-07-02T17:08:46.023Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: DID WG Charter PRs
[2019-07-02T17:09:00.236Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/32
[2019-07-02T17:09:07.650Z]	<kimhd>	manu: pr 32 has merge conflicts
[2019-07-02T17:09:23.208Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/39
[2019-07-02T17:09:28.140Z]	<kimhd>	...waiting for Kim to resolve conflicts
[2019-07-02T17:09:40.725Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T17:09:47.983Z]	<kimhd>	peacekeeper: DID method implementations are out of scope
[2019-07-02T17:09:52.968Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2019-07-02T17:09:59.294Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-07-02T17:10:11.301Z]	<drummond>	ack kimhd
[2019-07-02T17:10:31.140Z]	<drummond>	Kim asked Markus what change was needed.
[2019-07-02T17:10:53.990Z]	<drummond>	markus_sabadello: explained that it was "DID method specifications" that were out of scope.
[2019-07-02T17:11:04.633Z]	<TallTed>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/32
[2019-07-02T17:11:45.833Z]	<drummond>	kimhd: She is making that change. Kim will update the merge conflicts.
[2019-07-02T17:11:50.996Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T17:11:56.661Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-07-02T17:12:54.836Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T17:13:07.095Z]	<kimhd>	manu: +1 to change; added suggestion as comment to PR
[2019-07-02T17:13:18.983Z]	<drummond>	Are there objections to merging PR #32?
[2019-07-02T17:13:22.608Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 to merge after Kim's changes
[2019-07-02T17:13:23.221Z]	<markus_sabadello>	+1 to merge #32 after the change
[2019-07-02T17:13:32.584Z]	<drummond>	After the change
[2019-07-02T17:13:35.823Z]	<manu>	+1 to merge after change
[2019-07-02T17:13:36.209Z]	<kimhd>	burn: +1 to merge after update
[2019-07-02T17:13:37.551Z]	<burn>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:13:40.335Z]	<brent>	+1 to merge after the change
[2019-07-02T17:13:40.684Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:13:51.920Z]	<kimhd>	drummond: no objections
[2019-07-02T17:14:05.397Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/39
[2019-07-02T17:14:12.623Z]	<kimhd>	drummond: onto #39
[2019-07-02T17:14:39.861Z]	<kimhd>	manu: ready to merge; was just waiting for merge conflicts to be resolved
[2019-07-02T17:14:55.076Z]	<kimhd>	manu: this will also resolve 37
[2019-07-02T17:15:47.087Z]	<kimhd>	manu: correction, may not fully resolve 37, but another upcoming change will
[2019-07-02T17:15:59.132Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/41
[2019-07-02T17:16:24.260Z]	<kimhd>	manu: concerned about adding text to charter in #41
[2019-07-02T17:16:45.813Z]	<kimhd>	brent: moving to spec rather than charter makes sense
[2019-07-02T17:17:07.050Z]	<kimhd>	manu: joe says we should close without changes to spec
[2019-07-02T17:17:50.705Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/49
[2019-07-02T17:17:52.829Z]	<kimhd>	manu: #49
[2019-07-02T17:18:22.077Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/49/files
[2019-07-02T17:19:07.916Z]	<kimhd>	...about enabling future specs
[2019-07-02T17:19:17.840Z]	<kimhd>	...any objection to merging change to charter?
[2019-07-02T17:19:27.084Z]	<drummond>	PROPOSED: merging PR #49
[2019-07-02T17:19:29.370Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:19:32.173Z]	<kimhd>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:19:33.193Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:19:46.241Z]	<markus_sabadello>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:19:50.882Z]	<kimhd>	drummond: no objections, proceed with merge
[2019-07-02T17:20:11.795Z]	<kimhd>	manu: we can close #15
[2019-07-02T17:20:47.326Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/50
[2019-07-02T17:20:53.301Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/20
[2019-07-02T17:21:00.455Z]	<kimhd>	next PR is #50. Started with issue #20
[2019-07-02T17:21:04.380Z]	<burn>	q+ to ask about DID subject vs. DID controller
[2019-07-02T17:21:47.815Z]	<kimhd>	manu: Tony said dids don't have to be verifiable, under control of subject, ... (strike all 3)
[2019-07-02T17:22:45.784Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/50/files
[2019-07-02T17:22:47.472Z]	<kimhd>	...proposed response: PR #50 to describe why those 3 things should be present
[2019-07-02T17:23:15.627Z]	<kimhd>	...change "fully" to "typically" (under the control of DID subject)
[2019-07-02T17:23:42.053Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T17:23:51.745Z]	<kimhd>	brent: concern with adding "typically" is that it taints the rest of the sentence
[2019-07-02T17:24:09.197Z]	<kimhd>	...likes dlongley's suggestion
[2019-07-02T17:24:11.412Z]	<Justin_R>	q+
[2019-07-02T17:24:11.470Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-07-02T17:24:14.448Z]	<manu>	q+ to use dlongley's text
[2019-07-02T17:24:19.917Z]	<burn>	ack burn
[2019-07-02T17:24:19.961Z]	<drummond>	ack burn
[2019-07-02T17:24:30.208Z]	<TallTed>	flipping the "independent..." and "typically..." clause order would solve the initial concern
[2019-07-02T17:24:47.260Z]	<kimhd>	burn: did subject "controlling" may/may not be true
[2019-07-02T17:25:03.342Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T17:25:05.273Z]	<kimhd>	...this may be contributing to confusion
[2019-07-02T17:25:16.869Z]	<drummond>	ack Justin_R
[2019-07-02T17:25:23.215Z]	<kimhd>	Justin_R: typically is transitive to rest of the list
[2019-07-02T17:25:48.870Z]	<kimhd>	...may be more correct
[2019-07-02T17:25:56.893Z]	<drummond>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-07-02T17:26:21.140Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 on deleting "typically"
[2019-07-02T17:26:22.495Z]	<ken>	+1 to dlongley's comment
[2019-07-02T17:26:23.484Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-07-02T17:26:35.902Z]	<TallTed>	"...make DID controllers able to prove..."
[2019-07-02T17:27:10.200Z]	<TallTed>	s/"...make DID controllers able to prove..."/"...enable DID controllers to prove..."/
[2019-07-02T17:27:20.493Z]	<drummond>	Drummond's comment will be to add "DID subjects—or the DID controller if the DID subject is not the controller—to prove control"
[2019-07-02T17:27:26.330Z]	<kimhd>	peacekeeper: that concern is orthogonal. likes dlongley's suggestion
[2019-07-02T17:27:30.447Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-07-02T17:28:53.080Z]	<burn>	or "DID subjects" to "DID controllers (who may even be the DID subject)"
[2019-07-02T17:28:53.271Z]	<manu>	Let's use Dave Longley's text instead: "Decentralized Identifiers (DIDs) are a new type of identifier for verifiable, decentralized digital identity. These new identifiers are designed to enable DID subjects, or a DID controllers, to prove control over them and to be implemented independently of any centralized registry, identity provider, or certificate authority."
[2019-07-02T17:29:00.480Z]	<markus_sabadello>	+1 to drummond 's addition
[2019-07-02T17:29:07.383Z]	<kimhd>	manu: will put Dave's text in IRC
[2019-07-02T17:29:10.815Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2019-07-02T17:29:18.015Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2019-07-02T17:29:25.408Z]	<drummond>	ack drummond
[2019-07-02T17:29:31.800Z]	<drummond>	ack kimhd
[2019-07-02T17:29:42.903Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2019-07-02T17:29:44.714Z]	<drummond>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-07-02T17:29:58.293Z]	<TallTed>	"or a DID controllers" -> "or DID controllers" ... "over them" -> "over those DIDs"
[2019-07-02T17:30:19.021Z]	<brent>	+1 to only talking about DID controllers
[2019-07-02T17:30:23.602Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 to remove subjects
[2019-07-02T17:30:25.601Z]	<ken>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:30:26.960Z]	<dlongley>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:30:29.760Z]	<kimhd>	JoeAndrieu: proposed minor fix, plus prob don't need to have subjects
[2019-07-02T17:30:31.095Z]	<kimhd>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:30:39.193Z]	<TallTed>	and we're back to "...enable DID controllers to prove..."
[2019-07-02T17:30:50.964Z]	<manu>	New suggested text: Decentralized Identifiers (DIDs) are a new type of identifier for verifiable, decentralized digital identity. These new identifiers are designed to enable the controller of a DID to prove control over them and to be implemented independently of any centralized registry, identity provider, or certificate authority.
[2019-07-02T17:30:51.724Z]	<ChristopherA>	sounds right
[2019-07-02T17:31:03.721Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:31:04.843Z]	<burn>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:31:05.772Z]	<dlongley>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:31:08.480Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:31:11.986Z]	<ken>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:31:18.201Z]	<brent>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:31:20.492Z]	<TallTed>	"enable the controller of a DID to prove control over them" -> "enable the controller of a DID to prove control over it"
[2019-07-02T17:31:25.395Z]	<markus_sabadello>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:31:28.311Z]	<kimhd>	manu: I'll update and merge. Any objections?
[2019-07-02T17:31:30.408Z]	<kimhd>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:31:48.189Z]	<TallTed>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:31:50.988Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-07-02T17:31:52.323Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:32:10.081Z]	<drummond>	ack kimhd
[2019-07-02T17:32:41.468Z]	<drummond>	kimhd: She resolved the merge conflicts on PR #32.
[2019-07-02T17:32:55.554Z]	<drummond>	manu: we will process all of these right after the call.
[2019-07-02T17:32:58.380Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/51
[2019-07-02T17:33:14.381Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/37
[2019-07-02T17:33:35.128Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/51/files
[2019-07-02T17:33:40.830Z]	<kimhd>	manu: Issue #37, should be a section in charter on interop to say what will and won't supply
[2019-07-02T17:33:54.295Z]	<kimhd>	...#51 addresses
[2019-07-02T17:34:17.072Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T17:34:18.713Z]	<kimhd>	...do we feel this is appropriate and addresses #37?
[2019-07-02T17:34:24.941Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:34:30.157Z]	<kimhd>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:34:33.284Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:34:38.187Z]	<TallTed>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:34:44.722Z]	<ChristopherA>	I like it as it says level of interoperability will be done by WG
[2019-07-02T17:34:54.760Z]	<markus_sabadello>	It's related to issue 43 ?
[2019-07-02T17:35:35.349Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T17:36:00.600Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-07-02T17:36:17.211Z]	<drummond>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-07-02T17:36:20.622Z]	<kimhd>	manu: will only make editorial changes
[2019-07-02T17:36:55.287Z]	<kimhd>	peacekeeper: related to another issue
[2019-07-02T17:37:14.745Z]	<drummond>	Drummond thanks Manu for doing the pre-work for this call.
[2019-07-02T17:37:31.317Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T17:37:42.580Z]	<kimhd>	manu: we'll talk about this later in the call
[2019-07-02T17:37:54.872Z]	<markus_sabadello>	+1 to merge 51
[2019-07-02T17:37:59.445Z]	<kimhd>	...didn't hear objections
[2019-07-02T17:38:08.315Z]	<kimhd>	drummond: no objections; let's proceed
[2019-07-02T17:38:55.344Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/52
[2019-07-02T17:39:15.357Z]	<kimhd>	manu: would like to see "self-sovereign" removed
[2019-07-02T17:39:37.576Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/52/files
[2019-07-02T17:39:44.573Z]	<kimhd>	s/would like/Tony would like
[2019-07-02T17:40:09.044Z]	<kimhd>	manu: PR references SSI principles
[2019-07-02T17:40:29.922Z]	<kimhd>	...any objections?
[2019-07-02T17:40:30.649Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1!
[2019-07-02T17:40:34.460Z]	<kimhd>	change lgtm
[2019-07-02T17:40:37.957Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T17:40:39.514Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-07-02T17:40:39.790Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2019-07-02T17:41:06.670Z]	<TallTed>	can there be any version specificity to that reference?  as it may change between now and when someone follows that link...
[2019-07-02T17:41:19.182Z]	<manu>	q+ to be concerned about that language.
[2019-07-02T17:41:24.841Z]	<kimhd>	JoeAndrieu: want to discuss Markus's alternative
[2019-07-02T17:41:32.217Z]	<manu>	Markus said --- Can we say ... Self-Sovereign Identity Principles "that DIDs are intended to fulfill" (or "support" or "enable") rather than "that have influenced the direction of this work" ?
[2019-07-02T17:42:39.210Z]	<drummond>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-07-02T17:42:46.520Z]	<drummond>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-07-02T17:42:50.481Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-07-02T17:43:10.581Z]	<ChristopherA>	I'm in favor of being just a little more firm, so long as it doesn't cause adoption problems.
[2019-07-02T17:43:16.065Z]	<kimhd>	manu: I'm concerned bc these words have been used against us in backroom discussions
[2019-07-02T17:43:26.660Z]	<kimhd>	...i.e. that we're not fulfilling the principles
[2019-07-02T17:43:46.389Z]	<kimhd>	...concerned about principles being used as prescriptive
[2019-07-02T17:44:01.040Z]	<ChristopherA>	how about "advised by"
[2019-07-02T17:44:19.100Z]	<drummond>	Christopher, could you speak to that?
[2019-07-02T17:44:28.860Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to say the lesser credit is more powerful
[2019-07-02T17:44:35.726Z]	<ChristopherA>	"Finally, we have been advised by a set up principles…"
[2019-07-02T17:45:03.721Z]	<drummond>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-07-02T17:45:26.166Z]	<ChristopherA>	fine with guide.
[2019-07-02T17:45:41.794Z]	<markus_sabadello>	SSI Principles "that have *motivated* the direction of this work" ?
[2019-07-02T17:45:55.334Z]	<ChristopherA>	The intent was always was that the principles would be updated over time
[2019-07-02T17:45:57.495Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T17:46:01.855Z]	<TallTed>	q+
[2019-07-02T17:46:12.327Z]	<ChristopherA>	See issues in the SS principle repo
[2019-07-02T17:46:25.650Z]	<kimhd>	drummond: suggestions for "guided by" or "motivated"
[2019-07-02T17:46:29.576Z]	<ChristopherA>	vote on advised/guided/motivated
[2019-07-02T17:46:39.685Z]	<ChristopherA>	I like guided.
[2019-07-02T17:46:47.884Z]	<kimhd>	I like guided too
[2019-07-02T17:47:41.785Z]	<manu>	This text seems to be what people agree to: Finally, there are a set of Self-Sovereign Identity Principles ￼that have guided the direction of this work.
[2019-07-02T17:47:51.166Z]	<brent>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:47:57.964Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:48:01.796Z]	<ken>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:48:08.972Z]	<markus_sabadello>	+1
[2019-07-02T17:48:20.247Z]	<brent>	+1 to TallTed
[2019-07-02T17:49:24.380Z]	<brent>	commit link: https://github.com/ChristopherA/self-sovereign-identity/blob/9f6c316a5de75ec078808f7be978bda88eccbce7/ThePathToSelf-SovereignIdentity.md
[2019-07-02T17:49:53.295Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-07-02T17:50:03.457Z]	<kimhd>	manu: using hash-based link to design principles
[2019-07-02T17:50:10.988Z]	<brent>	link direct to section: https://github.com/ChristopherA/self-sovereign-identity/blob/9f6c316a5de75ec078808f7be978bda88eccbce7/ThePathToSelf-SovereignIdentity.md#ten-principles-of-self-sovereign-identity
[2019-07-02T17:50:13.951Z]	<TallTed>	q-
[2019-07-02T17:50:22.926Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/52#pullrequestreview-257052443
[2019-07-02T17:50:34.322Z]	<drummond>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-07-02T17:51:11.429Z]	<kimhd>	ChristopherA: refer to WOT repo instead?
[2019-07-02T17:51:16.904Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/ChristopherA/self-sovereign-identity/blob/9f6c316a5de75ec078808f7be978bda88eccbce7/ThePathToSelf-SovereignIdentity.md
[2019-07-02T17:51:47.068Z]	<wmclaxton>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/self-sovereign-identity/blob/master/self-sovereign-identity-principles.md
[2019-07-02T17:52:04.402Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/self-sovereign-identity
[2019-07-02T17:52:15.533Z]	<kimhd>	manu: this changes the PR substantially
[2019-07-02T17:52:41.300Z]	<kimhd>	...we want just the principles
[2019-07-02T17:52:49.883Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/self-sovereign-identity/blob/d578197f51b4b7fa8bc9ed587b57bf8de04d7249/self-sovereign-identity-principles.md
[2019-07-02T17:52:58.164Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/self-sovereign-identity/blob/master/self-sovereign-identity-principles.md
[2019-07-02T17:53:12.516Z]	<kimhd>	manu: ^^ is updated link. Principles, not article
[2019-07-02T17:53:24.446Z]	<kimhd>	ChristopherA: should it point to original article + date
[2019-07-02T17:53:31.504Z]	<kimhd>	manu: NO
[2019-07-02T17:53:34.401Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T17:53:39.789Z]	<kimhd>	ChristopherA: ok
[2019-07-02T17:54:09.902Z]	<kimhd>	drummond: any objections?
[2019-07-02T17:54:20.025Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 to revised link and guided
[2019-07-02T17:54:26.849Z]	<kimhd>	...no objections; let's go forth
[2019-07-02T17:54:38.945Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/53
[2019-07-02T17:54:42.766Z]	<kimhd>	manu: final PR is 53
[2019-07-02T17:55:45.726Z]	<kimhd>	...these are the groups you want buy-in from. Can coordinate with others, but these are required.
[2019-07-02T17:55:55.660Z]	<kimhd>	...CCG, VCWG, WebAuthn
[2019-07-02T17:56:12.893Z]	<kimhd>	...coord on aspects like public keys, FIDO, etc
[2019-07-02T17:56:36.294Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-07-02T17:56:50.305Z]	<drummond>	ack drummond
[2019-07-02T17:56:51.277Z]	<kimhd>	...WebAuthn requirement may be tricky to navigate
[2019-07-02T17:56:58.420Z]	<ChristopherA>	ping?
[2019-07-02T17:57:11.196Z]	<kimhd>	drummond: endorse citing WebAuthn despite potential problems
[2019-07-02T17:57:16.662Z]	<markus_sabadello>	is there any Solid / LDP related group ?
[2019-07-02T17:57:23.047Z]	<manu>	q+ to note that i18n, a11y, etc. are already covered.
[2019-07-02T17:57:28.560Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2019-07-02T17:57:34.620Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-07-02T17:57:48.970Z]	<dmitriz>	(there is a Solid CCG, fwiw)
[2019-07-02T17:57:52.781Z]	<kimhd>	manu: it's required to coord with PING
[2019-07-02T17:57:55.233Z]	<TallTed>	there is a Solid CG ... not clear to me that this coordination should be required
[2019-07-02T17:58:12.542Z]	<kimhd>	...not sure about Solid CG coordination
[2019-07-02T17:58:24.517Z]	<ChristopherA>	I'd prefer not CGs unless they helped charter.
[2019-07-02T17:58:32.927Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T17:58:46.807Z]	<kimhd>	dmitriz: probably don't need solid coord in charter. Will do everything possible to coordinate, but shouldn't be hard requirement
[2019-07-02T17:59:07.112Z]	<kimhd>	agropper: re FIDO. My understanding is FIDO depends on a certifier
[2019-07-02T17:59:40.904Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-07-02T17:59:41.756Z]	<kimhd>	...want to ensure we're clear in our charter as to whether that sort of centralized authority is optional for different methods, built in to what we're doing, etc
[2019-07-02T17:59:47.922Z]	<manu>	ack man agropper
[2019-07-02T17:59:50.462Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2019-07-02T18:00:06.953Z]	<kimhd>	manu: I think FIDO is an option, but not the only way
[2019-07-02T18:00:35.420Z]	<kimhd>	agropper: just wanted to bring up so it's clear in charter
[2019-07-02T18:00:44.629Z]	<drummond>	Adrian, I don't think that's an issue, as many aspects of decentralized identity will involve centralized authorities in some respect.
[2019-07-02T18:00:52.743Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T18:00:58.829Z]	<drummond>	ack agropper
[2019-07-02T18:01:07.578Z]	<kimhd>	drummond, the scribe is departing
[2019-07-02T18:01:18.993Z]	<drummond>	Ok, Kim, thanks, I'll take it from here.
[2019-07-02T18:01:30.925Z]	<kimhd>	thanks, great progress everyone!
[2019-07-02T18:01:33.109Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/53#issuecomment-507464596
[2019-07-02T18:01:37.709Z]	<drummond>	Thank you Kim
[2019-07-02T18:01:49.670Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 merge
[2019-07-02T18:01:52.817Z]	<brent>	+1
[2019-07-02T18:01:55.568Z]	<burn>	+1 merge
[2019-07-02T18:01:57.522Z]	<drummond>	Any objections to merging as is?
[2019-07-02T18:02:00.601Z]	<ken>	+1
[2019-07-02T18:02:04.018Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-07-02T18:02:12.243Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1
[2019-07-02T18:02:34.535Z]	<drummond>	No objections, we will merge #53
[2019-07-02T18:03:04.287Z]	<manu>	Topics: Issues
[2019-07-02T18:03:05.860Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues
[2019-07-02T18:03:27.308Z]	<ken>	+1 extend
[2019-07-02T18:03:33.657Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 extend
[2019-07-02T18:04:34.847Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/20
[2019-07-02T18:04:53.962Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/20#issuecomment-507447860
[2019-07-02T18:05:12.925Z]	<TallTed>	clever sort oldest-to-newest -- https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Acreated-asc
[2019-07-02T18:05:52.279Z]	<drummond>	manu: the only thing left with this issue is to pull in PR #50 and that will close this issue.
[2019-07-02T18:06:09.904Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-07-02T18:06:24.401Z]	<drummond>	Any objections to closing this issue in this way?
[2019-07-02T18:06:31.047Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 to close after merge
[2019-07-02T18:06:34.796Z]	<brent>	+1
[2019-07-02T18:06:37.308Z]	<TallTed>	+1
[2019-07-02T18:06:47.527Z]	<burn>	+1
[2019-07-02T18:06:59.917Z]	<drummond>	No objections.
[2019-07-02T18:07:00.206Z]	<burn>	:)
[2019-07-02T18:07:06.346Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/21
[2019-07-02T18:07:08.977Z]	<burn>	s/:)/
[2019-07-02T18:07:35.125Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/21#issuecomment-507449583
[2019-07-02T18:09:12.491Z]	<drummond>	manu: There are several ways this should go, but his recommendation is that we close the issue.
[2019-07-02T18:09:20.345Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 to close. We define test suite
[2019-07-02T18:09:25.646Z]	<ken>	+1 to close
[2019-07-02T18:09:26.512Z]	<drummond>	...would anyone object to closing the issue.
[2019-07-02T18:09:35.880Z]	<drummond>	+1 to close
[2019-07-02T18:09:41.204Z]	<TallTed>	another strong precedent is PROV
[2019-07-02T18:09:58.046Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-07-02T18:10:37.178Z]	<drummond>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-07-02T18:10:48.826Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to acknowledge Tony's issue
[2019-07-02T18:11:00.066Z]	<drummond>	ChristopherA: The test suite is enough to address interoperability.
[2019-07-02T18:11:05.363Z]	<drummond>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-07-02T18:12:03.538Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: Tony has a point, but our proposed solution, a test suite, should be adequate. The difference with the URI spec is that other URI scheme specs already existed.
[2019-07-02T18:12:12.732Z]	<drummond>	...it is a non-trivial issue.
[2019-07-02T18:12:15.371Z]	<dmitriz>	q+
[2019-07-02T18:12:15.679Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T18:12:23.581Z]	<drummond>	ack dmitriz
[2019-07-02T18:12:39.732Z]	<burn>	q+
[2019-07-02T18:12:43.251Z]	<brent>	q+
[2019-07-02T18:13:02.395Z]	<TallTed>	PROV -- https://www.w3.org/TR/prov-overview/
[2019-07-02T18:13:02.529Z]	<drummond>	dmitriz: with data models, there isn't really a question of interop.
[2019-07-02T18:13:05.671Z]	<drummond>	ack burn
[2019-07-02T18:13:27.747Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-07-02T18:13:38.359Z]	<drummond>	burn: We should close it, but there should be a statement closing it that says the group considered it very carefully.
[2019-07-02T18:13:41.082Z]	<drummond>	ack brent
[2019-07-02T18:14:11.428Z]	<dmitriz>	+1 to what brent said
[2019-07-02T18:14:21.496Z]	<drummond>	brent: +1 to what burn suggested. More importantly, there is not direct "interop" between DID methods.
[2019-07-02T18:14:28.629Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-07-02T18:14:32.444Z]	<dmitriz>	and actually, that very argument is worth including as part of the closing statement
[2019-07-02T18:14:47.564Z]	<drummond>	+1 to Dmitri's suggestion
[2019-07-02T18:14:49.585Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-07-02T18:14:53.442Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to say we should have language that pre-empts that concern with an explanation
[2019-07-02T18:15:56.351Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T18:16:33.305Z]	<drummond>	manu: explained what he wrote above
[2019-07-02T18:16:51.976Z]	<drummond>	ack drummond
[2019-07-02T18:17:38.782Z]	<manu>	drummond: This point that we're making, not separating scheme from scheme instances, when you look at the question of interop relative to this spec, want to make sure wrt. this spec... this spec says -- here's a valid ABNF for DIDs.
[2019-07-02T18:17:47.251Z]	<manu>	drummond: Then it says: here's a data model...
[2019-07-02T18:17:57.032Z]	<manu>	drummond: and then it says: Here are spec requirements for DID Method specs.
[2019-07-02T18:18:28.624Z]	<manu>	drummond: If someone asks me "What does interop mean with a spec that does that"... there are only validity tests... what can you test for interop or not?
[2019-07-02T18:18:29.815Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-07-02T18:18:41.557Z]	<drummond>	q/
[2019-07-02T18:18:48.641Z]	<drummond>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-07-02T18:19:26.612Z]	<ChristopherA>	No, mailto: isn't interoperable
[2019-07-02T18:19:55.744Z]	<burn>	q+ to refute Joe's comment about schemes
[2019-07-02T18:19:56.071Z]	<manu>	q+ to say that did:METHOD *will* be interoperable across protocol implementations... but the data model transcends DID Methods.
[2019-07-02T18:19:58.502Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: In the Web world, every URI is interoperable across browsers. That's not true of DIDs.
[2019-07-02T18:20:00.665Z]	<TallTed>	that's going to be closer to HTTPS with different TLS versions
[2019-07-02T18:20:01.268Z]	<ChristopherA>	There is a invisible URI:https:
[2019-07-02T18:20:05.310Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T18:20:09.446Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2019-07-02T18:20:09.990Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2019-07-02T18:20:12.022Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-07-02T18:20:49.580Z]	<TallTed>	q+ to highlight PROV as W3 precedent example
[2019-07-02T18:20:59.688Z]	<drummond>	manu: would like to focus the discussion on closing this issue
[2019-07-02T18:21:32.802Z]	<drummond>	...every client for a DID method specification should be interoperable with other implementations
[2019-07-02T18:21:39.450Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	then, we should add that: that DID Methods specify how implementations interop
[2019-07-02T18:21:52.833Z]	<Justin_R>	q+ for another view of interop
[2019-07-02T18:22:03.880Z]	<drummond>	...the DID document has a data model that should be uniform across all DID methods
[2019-07-02T18:22:31.916Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-07-02T18:22:35.422Z]	<drummond>	...Manu believes this is the right focus for this spec, data interop, not protocol interop
[2019-07-02T18:22:36.615Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2019-07-02T18:22:38.792Z]	<drummond>	ack burn
[2019-07-02T18:22:50.326Z]	<brent>	this sentence is in the charter already: "The pattern for the DID spec is the URI spec (RFC 3986). That spec defines the generic syntax for URIs, and all URI schemes are separate specs (in fact, the DID spec is one of those specs, i.e., a fully RFC 3986 conformant URI scheme). The goal of the DID spec is to do exactly the same for DIDs, i.e., for this WG to define the generic DID spec, and then for others to define DID method specs."
[2019-07-02T18:23:21.631Z]	<drummond>	burn: Implementing support for URIs does not require that everyone support a particular URI scheme. Some browsers do not support certain URI schemes.
[2019-07-02T18:23:25.058Z]	<drummond>	ack TallTed
[2019-07-02T18:24:01.947Z]	<drummond>	TallTed: A really good example of a data model spec from W3C was PROV.
[2019-07-02T18:24:14.097Z]	<drummond>	...the link is earlier in the chat.
[2019-07-02T18:24:28.878Z]	<burn>	This was also a successful data model spec from W3C: https://www.w3.org/TR/emma/
[2019-07-02T18:24:36.787Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-07-02T18:24:37.055Z]	<drummond>	...URI schemes allow extensibility in a browser, and are frequently handled by external apps.
[2019-07-02T18:24:47.746Z]	<manu>	q+ to ask if we can close and move on to other issues?
[2019-07-02T18:25:02.112Z]	<drummond>	...such an objection is far further down the road than we need to worry about.
[2019-07-02T18:25:04.645Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T18:25:14.265Z]	<drummond>	ack Justin_R
[2019-07-02T18:25:39.815Z]	<drummond>	Justin_R: agrees with the discussion so far, including the analogy to how browsers handle URIs.
[2019-07-02T18:26:14.969Z]	<manu>	huh, interesting Justin_R ... I didn't think that was missing, why do you think it's missing? I mean, if it's missing, we should definitely fix that.
[2019-07-02T18:26:24.957Z]	<drummond>	...and wants to underscore that a URI scheme can indicate a specific protocol—which is something we need to be clear about this in the DID spec.
[2019-07-02T18:27:06.723Z]	<drummond>	...he believes that the spec should be clear that a DID method should invoke a specific protocol.
[2019-07-02T18:27:58.297Z]	<drummond>	...this is something that should be included in the spec to make it clear that a specific DID method invokes a specific protocol.
[2019-07-02T18:28:00.879Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T18:28:10.913Z]	<drummond>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-07-02T18:28:30.975Z]	<ChristopherA>	how about read/write3
[2019-07-02T18:28:45.123Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: not arguing to change the scope of the charter, but the language on interop is in the spec is not yet clear enough.
[2019-07-02T18:28:46.166Z]	<ChristopherA>	read a did document and write a did document
[2019-07-02T18:28:52.675Z]	<ChristopherA>	round trip?
[2019-07-02T18:29:01.706Z]	<drummond>	...we need to make it clear that the DID methods define the interop for that specific method.
[2019-07-02T18:29:13.936Z]	<Justin_R>	+1
[2019-07-02T18:29:23.785Z]	<Justin_R>	I would further argue that we :should: be using that pattern
[2019-07-02T18:29:36.501Z]	<drummond>	...not all browsers implement all schemes, but when a browser does implement a protocol, it is expected to be interoperable
[2019-07-02T18:29:38.623Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T18:29:42.888Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-07-02T18:30:03.087Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-07-02T18:30:27.264Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 to close issue
[2019-07-02T18:30:34.357Z]	<drummond>	manu: agrees that the changes to the spec to better define what Joe and Justin have said about what interop means
[2019-07-02T18:31:10.802Z]	<ChristopherA>	Joe, can you agree to close, and bring up other as issue later?
[2019-07-02T18:31:21.688Z]	<drummond>	...so Manu is asking: does the change need to happen to the charter or the spec or both?
[2019-07-02T18:31:42.754Z]	<TallTed>	an example of a URI scheme where the methods are deeper -- jdbc.
[2019-07-02T18:31:47.649Z]	<ChristopherA>	Justin can this be a new PR/Issue? Can we close this?
[2019-07-02T18:31:50.396Z]	<drummond>	Justin_R: thinks its important to be in the charter
[2019-07-02T18:32:28.301Z]	<drummond>	manu: Issue #21 will stay open and Joe and Justin will propose text to address their concern.
[2019-07-02T18:32:41.849Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/33
[2019-07-02T18:33:35.125Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/33#issuecomment-507451889
[2019-07-02T18:33:49.325Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T18:33:57.496Z]	<drummond>	q-
[2019-07-02T18:34:12.244Z]	<drummond>	manu: the next issue is #33
[2019-07-02T18:34:48.468Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: The feature list captures a long list of requirements.
[2019-07-02T18:34:56.852Z]	<drummond>	manu: Can we point to that?
[2019-07-02T18:35:18.018Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-use-cases/#features
[2019-07-02T18:35:22.730Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: Is not sure that it's a complete list or has had enough engagement
[2019-07-02T18:35:27.975Z]	<drummond>	manu: that's okay
[2019-07-02T18:36:17.658Z]	<ChristopherA>	These are desirables, and not all are requirements.
[2019-07-02T18:36:45.868Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: Could add that these are required features.
[2019-07-02T18:37:02.095Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/33#issuecomment-507451889
[2019-07-02T18:37:12.760Z]	<drummond>	manu: added the comment above
[2019-07-02T18:37:23.417Z]	<drummond>	...that creates the base set of requirements
[2019-07-02T18:37:32.319Z]	<drummond>	...does anyone object?
[2019-07-02T18:37:40.623Z]	<drummond>	+1 to closing
[2019-07-02T18:37:51.634Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 to close after changes
[2019-07-02T18:37:52.041Z]	<drummond>	after changes made
[2019-07-02T18:37:56.745Z]	<manu>	+1 to closing after the change has been made to the Charter.
[2019-07-02T18:38:13.924Z]	<drummond>	No objections received.
[2019-07-02T18:38:20.448Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/36
[2019-07-02T18:38:49.905Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/36#issuecomment-507453496
[2019-07-02T18:39:33.037Z]	<ChristopherA>	Agree, not in charter.
[2019-07-02T18:39:36.496Z]	<Justin_R>	+1
[2019-07-02T18:39:44.797Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 to just close it.
[2019-07-02T18:39:51.971Z]	<ChristopherA>	out of scope for a charter document
[2019-07-02T18:39:59.983Z]	<ken>	+1
[2019-07-02T18:40:08.717Z]	<ChristopherA>	There is nothing else out there that has cons in charter.
[2019-07-02T18:40:09.475Z]	<drummond>	manu: The suggestion is to close without changes.
[2019-07-02T18:40:13.414Z]	<drummond>	Any objections?
[2019-07-02T18:40:23.634Z]	<TallTed>	+1 cons aren't charter fodder
[2019-07-02T18:40:23.684Z]	<drummond>	+1 to closing with no changes.
[2019-07-02T18:40:46.644Z]	<drummond>	No objections.
[2019-07-02T18:40:53.288Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/37
[2019-07-02T18:41:07.526Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/commit/2181d124f82654d01a8da3b74ce731b6ec276db7
[2019-07-02T18:41:38.254Z]	<drummond>	brent: this is waiting on PR #51
[2019-07-02T18:41:44.077Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/42
[2019-07-02T18:41:59.834Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/42#issuecomment-507457445
[2019-07-02T18:42:02.093Z]	<ChristopherA>	:p
[2019-07-02T18:42:55.515Z]	<drummond>	manu: suggests to close this issue as the charter is clear that browser APIs are out of scope
[2019-07-02T18:43:04.240Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 close, browser APIs are out scope
[2019-07-02T18:44:19.625Z]	<TallTed>	+1 close it, point to the line that says what he wants
[2019-07-02T18:44:21.936Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1 to close with that comment
[2019-07-02T18:44:28.086Z]	<drummond>	manu: The out-of-scope section of the charter already includes browser APIs as out of scope.
[2019-07-02T18:44:56.452Z]	<drummond>	Any objections to closing this issue with that comment?
[2019-07-02T18:45:14.982Z]	<drummond>	manu: confirmed that this is already in the out-of-scope section
[2019-07-02T18:45:18.810Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-07-02T18:46:18.302Z]	<drummond>	JoeAndrieu: suggests that we reference the URI spec, and thus this is how browsers are supported.
[2019-07-02T18:46:47.167Z]	<drummond>	Joe is totally right. Great catch, Joe!
[2019-07-02T18:47:01.763Z]	<drummond>	I don't think we can stress the URI spec analogy strongly enough.
[2019-07-02T18:48:16.866Z]	<drummond>	Again, any objections to closing?
[2019-07-02T18:48:28.059Z]	<drummond>	No objections, let's close.
[2019-07-02T18:48:45.840Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/43
[2019-07-02T18:49:57.920Z]	<drummond>	manu: we have already specified the level of interop we believe that we need.
[2019-07-02T18:50:20.239Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/51
[2019-07-02T18:50:23.609Z]	<drummond>	...we are specifically not trying to specify or require interop between different DID methods. They just to to conform with the spec.
[2019-07-02T18:50:40.875Z]	<drummond>	PR 51 sets the clear expectations for interop testing.
[2019-07-02T18:50:57.691Z]	<drummond>	Drummond believes this should actually be called validation testing.
[2019-07-02T18:52:03.061Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/43#issuecomment-507458287
[2019-07-02T18:52:07.004Z]	<drummond>	manu: proposes that we do not want to specify any further requirements for interop.
[2019-07-02T18:52:28.947Z]	<drummond>	...suggests that the role of the work is to define interop at the syntax and DID doc data model level.
[2019-07-02T18:53:18.598Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 to close, this requires a protocol, and we are not doing protocols.
[2019-07-02T18:53:33.155Z]	<drummond>	...future work could define interop at some other level
[2019-07-02T18:56:10.188Z]	<drummond>	manu: will add one more statement
[2019-07-02T18:56:18.678Z]	<drummond>	Any objections to closing the issue with this comment?
[2019-07-02T18:56:49.828Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/pull/54
[2019-07-02T18:57:45.073Z]	<ChristopherA>	I will add it to agenda for next Tuesday
[2019-07-02T18:57:49.983Z]	<drummond>	I have already looked at PR 54 and I approve.
[2019-07-02T18:57:52.517Z]	<ChristopherA>	For approval in CCG meeting
[2019-07-02T18:58:35.393Z]	<drummond>	ChristopherA: How about if we put the charter approval on the agenda for the next CCG meeting?
[2019-07-02T18:58:39.232Z]	<drummond>	Manu: +1
[2019-07-02T18:58:40.910Z]	<aljones15>	hey folks dropping from the DID call. good luck.
[2019-07-02T18:58:41.523Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-07-02T18:58:53.541Z]	<drummond>	Thanks
[2019-07-02T19:03:08.336Z]	<drummond>	Drummond will collaborate with Joe to draft a PR on DID method spec interop within the next 48 hours.
