[Tue 11:05:38] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public
-credentials/2017Mar/0000.html
[Tue 11:05:38] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:07:02] <adam>	scribe: adam
[Tue 11:07:02] <adam>	topic: Status of VCWG Creation
[Tue 11:07:51] <adam>	manu: There should be a revised charter out. W3C management has put out a new charter for review. Including a response to all the formal rejections. It went out to the mailing list.
[Tue 11:08:02] <manu>	Revised Charter is here - request for comments is open: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Member/member-charters-review/2017Mar/0000.html
[Tue 11:08:30] *	JoeAndrieu (~JoeAndrieu@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:08:55] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:08:55] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:08:59] <stonematt>	ack manu
[Tue 11:08:59] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to get Agenda link).
[Tue 11:09:07] <adam>	manu: w3c non-members will not be able to see this. Members please be sure to read it and reply whether or not you agree. Dave is taking on responding to criticisms  and doing a great job.
[Tue 11:09:07] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:09:07] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:09:08] <voip-vctf>	Unknown [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000024a] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:16] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:09:16] <voip-vctf>	manu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:09:21] <Varn>	ack stonematt
[Tue 11:09:21] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:09:34] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:09:34] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:09:42] <JoeAndrieu>	voip: 24a is JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:09:42] <voip-vctf>	Associated JoeAndrieu with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000024a.
[Tue 11:09:50] <adam>	stonematt: is Dave Raggett going to be the new contact?
[Tue 11:11:04] <adam>	manu: you should ask reps to see why you are not being pinged on this. Matt and Richard, very important that you read through the w3c update and that the group respond in the next week.
[Tue 11:11:48] <stonematt>	Topic: Meeting for 2017-03-28 Cancelled
[Tue 11:11:54] <adam>	richard: we are not having a meeting on the 28th of March, chairs are not available.
[Tue 11:12:09] <stonematt>	Topic: IMS Badge Summit Update
[Tue 11:12:09] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:12:10] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:12:23] <adam>	Richard: who has attended the IMS(sp) badge summit? Anyone have anything to share about the summit?
[Tue 11:12:54] <adam>	Richard: nobody on the call seems to have attended the summit.
[Tue 11:12:58] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:12:58] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:14:08] <manu>	q+ to ask about our coordination/contact point at IMS?
[Tue 11:14:08] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:14:13] <adam>	Richard: did anyone attend the Parchment Summit? I attended. it was well attended. It focused on education. It supported the work we are doing here. We are trying to coordinate with other standards bodies.
[Tue 11:14:16] <Varn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:14:16] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to ask about our coordination/contact point at IMS?).
[Tue 11:14:39] <adam>	manu: did you Talk with Stewart while you were there?
[Tue 11:14:59] <adam>	Richard: no, but I made another contact and will look that contact up and share it with the group.
[Tue 11:15:28] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:15:28] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:15:35] <adam>	manu: we should be doing bimonthly check-ins with IMS to make sure we're synced up
[Tue 11:15:56] <adam>	Topic: RWoT Demo Status
[Tue 11:16:20] <ottonomy> I'm IRC-only today. I'll do my assigned tickets (pull requests instead of just comments this time) ASAP.
[Tue 11:17:28] <adam>	manu: joe and I have not been able to talk about it yet. Out org, Digital Bazaar, is going into productions with our claims technology. We are want to create a UN card to address a refugee use case. We need to get the UN's blessing before moving forward. We are going to be demoing the technology with videos and sending those to the group.
[Tue 11:17:30] *	ChristopherA (~ChristopherA@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:17:40] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:17:40] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:17:44] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:17:44] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:17:50] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 11:17:50] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:18:07] <Varn>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:18:07] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:18:08] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:18:08] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:18:11] <adam>	manu: In short we are going to be testing in demonstrating the the claims technology.
[Tue 11:19:59] <voip-vctf>	19088126557 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000024b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:20:11] <Varn>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:20:12] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 11:20:12] <adam>	ChristopherA: I have been working on the bitcoin DID implementation . It is currently primitive but looks good. I want to track other examples of wallets. We need to be sure as a group to talk about signature algorithms and other supporting structures for verifiable claims. I am happy to talk with anyone about these pieces before RWoT
[Tue 11:21:12] <adam>	joeA, ChristopherA, and manu are going to meet about these topics.
[Tue 11:21:29] <manu>	Topic: Prioritizing Pull Requests
[Tue 11:21:37] <manu>	Current status of Pull requests: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/pulls
[Tue 11:21:58] <manu>	q+ to note a pull this morning...
[Tue 11:21:59] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:22:11] <adam>	Richard: of the 5 identified pull requests, which of these are priorities?
[Tue 11:22:52] <Varn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:22:52] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note a pull this morning...).
[Tue 11:23:03] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:23:03] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:23:04] <manu>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/pull/39
[Tue 11:23:04] <adam>	stonematt: last week we talked about the life cycle of a pull request. There are some older PR's that are older and still getting a lot of activity. Some are not getting activity.
[Tue 11:23:13] <manu>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/pull/36
[Tue 11:24:03] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:24:03] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:24:26] <adam>	manu: there are two PR's that I've processed as an editor. We waited a week, got a reviewer to submit a comment. We pulled the PR in anyway. If you still object, please raise an issue referencing specific text.
[Tue 11:24:53] <adam>	manu: we don't want to delay the time it takes to get the spec text in the doc because we want to move the process along.
[Tue 11:25:17] <manu>	Joe, take a look here: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/pull/37
[Tue 11:26:16] <adam>	manu: The PR's with active discussion. Joe, I said your PR(#37) was great last week but now noticed that there are a lot of comments that have not been responded to. I think it's best practice to respond to all comments and specify if a change has been made.
[Tue 11:26:32] <adam>	andrieu: that makes sense.
[Tue 11:26:46] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:26:46] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:26:52] <adam>	manu: to be fair we did not say anything about responding to comments last week.
[Tue 11:27:14] <amigus>	I will consider myself pestered
[Tue 11:27:23] <manu>	We need reviewers on: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/pull/38
[Tue 11:27:46] <amigus>	and promise to take a look today and tomorrow.
[Tue 11:27:46] <adam>	manu: the other PR is PR 38. We are waiting on Adam and Joe, or anyone else to take a look at that PR and make comments. We need reviewers on PR 38
[Tue 11:27:51] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:27:51] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:28:33] <adam>	Richard: on different topic, my rep says that a new charter has not been sent out. Says he searched through the AC forum and founding nothing.
[Tue 11:28:56] <manu>	Here's the link to the W3C AC mailing list on Verifiable Claims charter: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Member/w3c-ac-forum/2017JanMar/0107.html
[Tue 11:29:56] <adam>	Topic: Actions Item Review
[Tue 11:30:11] <ChristopherA>	Is there anyone else interested in moving the WoT use case forward? https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues/32
[Tue 11:30:13] <adam>	Richard: we have 5 items. Does anyone have anything to report?
[Tue 11:30:17] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:30:17] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:30:48] <stonematt>	https://goo.gl/V4XTBT
[Tue 11:30:56] <adam>	amigus: I just sent something out to the list just before this meeting.
[Tue 11:32:22] <adam>	amigus: sent 30 minutes to the public credentials list
[Tue 11:32:52] <adam>	manu: yes, that is the list to use.
[Tue 11:33:06] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:33:06] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:33:23] <adam>	Richard: that actions item is closed, any other reports on action items?
[Tue 11:33:37] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:33:37] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:33:39] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:33:39] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:33:43] <manu>	Here are the privacy issues: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aprivacy
[Tue 11:34:20] <stonematt>	on previous topic: amigus email re: privacy: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Mar/0002.html
[Tue 11:34:30] <adam>	manu: I have assigned all the privacy sections. Anything tagged with privacy has an assignee. Nobody has more than two items. Let us know if you want to work on privacy issues.
[Tue 11:34:49] <adam>	richard:  that action item is closed.
[Tue 11:34:50] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:34:50] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt
[Tue 11:35:08] <Varn>	ack stonematt
[Tue 11:35:08] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:35:42] <adam>	stonematt: what do we do with the privacy risk templates now that we have them?
[Tue 11:36:20] <adam>	andrieu: we want to apply them to Adrian Gropper's prescription use case
[Tue 11:36:38] *	manu we're  getting nose breathing through someone who is unmuted.
[Tue 11:36:38] <stonematt>	ACTION: JoeAndrieu to review NIST privacy template in the context of Adrian Gropper's prescription use case.
[Tue 11:37:46] <adam>	amigus: I mentioned in the email that the sheets are a workflow. They are a technology solution rather than a use case solution. Eventually when we get something nearly complete we can get in touch with NIST.
[Tue 11:37:46] <manu>	+1 to that!
[Tue 11:38:17] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 11:38:17] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:38:24] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:38:24] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:38:43] <Varn>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:38:43] <ChristopherA>	BTW, Adrian & andrieu: The final coala/consent paper from the last RWoT is out, and it has a medical use case in it: https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2016/blob/master/final-documents/smart-consent-protocol.pdf
[Tue 11:38:43] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 11:38:48] <amigus>	Q?
[Tue 11:38:51] <amigus>	q+
[Tue 11:38:51] <voip-vctf>	amigus has been added to the queue: amigus
[Tue 11:38:57] <adam>	manu: the purpose of the NIST worksheet is a pretty heavy tool. The privacy sections are more lightweight. We don't need to apply the NIST worksheet to our work.
[Tue 11:39:06] <Varn>	ack amigus
[Tue 11:39:06] <voip-vctf>	amigus has the floor.
[Tue 11:40:34] <adam>	amigus: There are materials in the NIST worksheets that are useful. Agree with Manu that they are heavy. There is a catalogue of of harms and other sections that are very useful on the NIST sheets. It's a good idea to read them.
[Tue 11:40:42] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:40:42] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:41:17] <manu>	q+
[Tue 11:41:17] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:41:21] <Varn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:41:21] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor.
[Tue 11:41:25] <adam>	Topic: Suggestions for Next Meeting Agenda
[Tue 11:41:42] <JoeAndrieu>	q+ for logistic question with agenda
[Tue 11:41:42] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:41:55] <ChristopherA>	I would like to see some more discussion of the WoT use case with solid examples.
[Tue 11:42:00] <adam>	manu: we are going to start running out of things to talk about if people don't contribute more to the spec.
[Tue 11:42:01] <amigus>	q+
[Tue 11:42:01] <voip-vctf>	amigus has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu, amigus
[Tue 11:42:22] <manu>	DO NOT CORRELATE flag for the data model: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues/41
[Tue 11:42:24] <ChristopherA>	WoT use case: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues/32
[Tue 11:42:49] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:42:49] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu, amigus
[Tue 11:43:49] <jonnycrunch>	probably just as useful as robots.txt file, but at least it exists
[Tue 11:43:50] <adam>	manu: Do not correlate flag as part of the data model. Europe is potentially passing legislation in this area.
[Tue 11:43:52] <ChristopherA>	http://www.eugdpr.org/ is the GDPR official website
[Tue 11:43:59] <Varn>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:43:59] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor (for logistic question with agenda).
[Tue 11:44:14] <ChristopherA>	GDPR is definately a topic of  #RWoT in Paris
[Tue 11:44:27] <manu>	q+ to note agenda 
[Tue 11:44:27] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: amigus, manu
[Tue 11:44:31] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:44:31] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: amigus, manu, stonematt
[Tue 11:44:36] <adam>	JoeAndrieu: I was getting the agenda as a cc. I joined the list and have not been getting the agenda for the last two weeks
[Tue 11:44:41] <abbas_r3>	ali: I got the agenda on Friday
[Tue 11:44:53] *	gkellogg I didn’t get the agenda either, and I’m on both vctf and credentials lists
[Tue 11:45:04] <adam>	Richard: it is sent to the wc3 credentials group.
[Tue 11:45:09] <ChristopherA>	BTW, the registration page for #RWoT Paris on April 19th is https://www.eventbrite.fr/e/billets-rebooting-web-of-trust-paris-32228513351
[Tue 11:45:47] <stonematt>	adam's note went to: public-credentials@w3.org and agenda went to: public-credentials@w3.org
[Tue 11:45:50] <amigus>	I sent the PRAM sheets to public-credentials which is where I recieve the agrendas from...
[Tue 11:46:06] <manu>	All email should now be going to: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/
[Tue 11:46:34] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:46:34] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: amigus, manu, stonematt
[Tue 11:46:52] <adam>	manu: for whatever reason the agenda did not make it to that list, but it should have. It's probably stuck in w3c.
[Tue 11:46:58] <amigus>	I did get a roadblock asking me to accept that my email would be archived. Once i said 'yes' to that, the message went through
[Tue 11:47:48] <Varn>	ack amigus
[Tue 11:47:48] <voip-vctf>	amigus has the floor.
[Tue 11:47:51] <nage>	I believe it did come through with the subject of "Verifiable Claims Telecon Minutes for 2017-03-07"
[Tue 11:48:05] <adam>	manu: everyone needs to be registered with W3C with the appropriate email address or you won't get the emails.
[Tue 11:48:22] *	manu JoeAndrieu I just checked, you are properly joined to the group and mailing list.
[Tue 11:48:33] <Varn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:48:34] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note agenda).
[Tue 11:48:43] <Varn>	ack stonematt
[Tue 11:48:43] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:48:49] <adam>	amigus: I have a new email roadblock--need to agree to have email archived. If you have not agreed to this you may not be getting emails.
[Tue 11:49:10] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:49:10] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:49:36] *	manu nage hmm, I can't seem to find it...
[Tue 11:49:39] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:49:39] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:49:45] *	colleen has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:49:51] <Varn>	ack ChristoperA
[Tue 11:49:51] <voip-vctf>	ChristoperA isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:50:05] <adam>	richard: Agenda items for next week 1) do not correlate flag 2) RWoT demo
[Tue 11:50:06] *	manu nage - nevermind, i see it!
[Tue 11:50:10] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Mar/0000.html
[Tue 11:50:52] <adam>	ChristopherA: Everyone is welcome to come to the Rebooting Web of Trust conference in Paris starting April 18th.
[Tue 11:51:04] *	manu stonematt your agenda went through, I just didn't see it (eyes glazed over): https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Mar/0000.html
[Tue 11:51:15] *	manu stonematt so, you're good wrt. agenda... everything happened as it should have...
[Tue 11:52:14] <manu>	q+ to note DIDs, Verifiable Claims, and protocol - we have "nearing production ready" stuff for all 3.
[Tue 11:52:14] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, manu
[Tue 11:52:26] <adam>	ChristopherA: We are talking about the implementation side as well, wallet intersection of DID's and Claims. Lets go over some of the examples in the next meeting.
[Tue 11:52:34] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 11:52:35] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:52:37] <manu>	ack manu 
[Tue 11:52:37] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note DIDs, Verifiable Claims, and protocol - we have "nearing production ready" stuff for all 3.).
[Tue 11:52:37] <Varn>	q?
[Tue 11:52:37] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:53:44] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:53:44] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:53:49] <adam>	manu: to address something ChristopherA. We have near production ready work for DID's. It uses a protocol to move the verifiable claims around using DID'd. We are very close to a production ready system.
[Tue 11:54:08] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:54:08] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:54:17] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 11:54:17] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:54:29] <Varn>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:54:29] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:54:31] <adam>	manu: I am happy to take people through a demo during the next meeting. We don't want it to be a product demo, we want it to be a capabilities demo.
[Tue 11:56:16] <adam>	ChristopherA: it's worthwhile to have screenshots but am concerned it will derail things if we get too deeply into the details. I prefer a use case would address thinks like what is missing from schema.org. It would be great to see those screenshots. We should reach out to others to see the demos.
[Tue 11:56:21] <Varn>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:56:21] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 11:56:29] <manu>	+1 to inviting the uPort team to talk/demo.
[Tue 11:59:09] <adam>	ChristopherA: Joe has ben working at the RWoT on a specific model around refugees. That is fairly well developed. Separately from that is general PGP stuff and replicating that. I am going basic to reproduce what PGP did.
[Tue 12:00:19] <ChristopherA>	Here is the use case side of WoT https://github.com/opencreds/vc-use-cases/issues/31
[Tue 12:00:19] <adam>	Present+ Lehn, Longley, Sporny, kellogg, nage, stone, varn, lake, bohan, kennedy, migus, larson, ali, andrieu, holt
[Tue 12:00:30] <manu>	ACTION: Manu to invite uPort to group to talk/demo their work.
[Tue 12:00:52] <ChristopherA>	here is the data side: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-use-cases/issues/31
