[Tue 12:02:27] <ChristopherA>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Oct/0092.html
[Tue 12:02:32] <voip-ccg>	447796447184 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000054b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:02:38] <JoeAndrieu>	voip: 54c is JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:02:38] <voip-ccg>	Associated JoeAndrieu with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000054c.
[Tue 12:03:06] *	dlongley moses
[Tue 12:03:12] <manu>	voip: 546 is MosesMa
[Tue 12:03:13] <voip-ccg>	Associated MosesMa with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000546.
[Tue 12:03:19] <manu>	voip: 547 is Drummond
[Tue 12:03:19] <voip-ccg>	Associated Drummond with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000547.
[Tue 12:03:24] *	JanCamenisch (~JanCamenisch@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:03:35] <voip-ccg>	41447248111 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000054e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:03:50] <manu>	voip: 548 is ChristopherA
[Tue 12:03:50] <voip-ccg>	Associated ChristopherA with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000548.
[Tue 12:03:57] *	AndrewH (~AndrewH@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:03:59] <manu>	voip: 54b is DavidC
[Tue 12:04:02] <voip-ccg>	Associated DavidC with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000054b.
[Tue 12:04:10] <manu>	voip: 54e is JanCamenisch
[Tue 12:04:10] <voip-ccg>	Associated JanCamenisch with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000054e.
[Tue 12:04:31] <manu>	voip: 54a is Susan
[Tue 12:04:31] <voip-ccg>	Associated Susan with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000054a.
[Tue 12:04:44] <voip-ccg>	12508889474 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000054f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:05:04] <AndrewH>	voip: 54f is AndrewH
[Tue 12:05:04] <voip-ccg>	Associated AndrewH with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000054f.
[Tue 12:05:11] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:05:11] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: RyanGrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000541], Michael Lodder [SIP/evernym.onsip.com-00000542], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000543], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000544], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000545], MosesMa [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000546], Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000547], ChristopherA [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000548], 15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000549], Susan [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000054a], JoeAndrieu [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000054c],
[Tue 12:05:11] <voip-ccg>	DavidC [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000054b], JanCamenisch [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000054e], AndrewH [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000054f].
[Tue 12:05:28] <voip-ccg>	nage [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000550] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:05:32] <manu>	scribe: manu
[Tue 12:05:40] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Oct/0092.html
[Tue 12:06:04] <manu>	ChristopherA: Agenda today is a little loose, this is our first real meeting after both RWoT5 and IIW. 
[Tue 12:06:33] <manu>	ChristopherA: Let's do introductions and reintroductions... work items... discussion for possible new work items... we may want to work on.
[Tue 12:06:46] <voip-ccg>	DavidC [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000054b] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:06:58] <manu>	ChristopherA: We may also talk about credential handler polyfill.
[Tue 12:07:14] <manu>	ChristopherA: There was also discussion on DID spec hardening at IIW, we could add that to the end.
[Tue 12:07:22] <manu>	ChristopherA: Any new folks on the call today?
[Tue 12:07:32] <manu>	No new people, community is settling again into a regular set of participants.
[Tue 12:07:36] <manu>	Topic: Reintroductions
[Tue 12:08:04] <manu>	Jan: Hi everyone, I'm Jan - worked a lot on anonymous credentials and cryptographic algorithms for that.
[Tue 12:08:30] <manu>	Jan: Currently working with Sovrin/Evernym folks on defining a format for the crypto interfaces for credentials that we can agree on algorithms for that.
[Tue 12:08:41] <manu>	Topic: W3C TPAC
[Tue 12:09:10] <manu>	ChristopherA: TPAC Meeting coming up - opportunities to spend some time on Wednesday presenting on Credentials CG and Verifaible Claims.
[Tue 12:09:13] <manu>	q+ to talk to that a bit.
[Tue 12:09:13] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:09:33] <ChristopherA>	ack manu
[Tue 12:09:33] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to talk to that a bit.).
[Tue 12:09:37] <manu>	ChristopherA: There is a VCWG time slot for CCG as well - potentially talk about things that are higher level credentials.
[Tue 12:10:13] <suedonym>	Manu has Wed slot booked. Proposing talk on vision for self sovereign web
[Tue 12:10:14] <drummond>	Manu is proposing a talk called, "A Vision for a Self-Sovereign Web"
[Tue 12:10:32] <dlongley>	manu: Don't worry about the Wednesday slot, I have that booked. I'm proposing a talk titled "Self-Sovereign Web" (or a vision for it) and the goal is to show a good broader vision for this stuff at the Web, VCs, DIDs, Credential Handler API, how it all comes together for a more self-sovereign Web.
[Tue 12:10:38] <burn>	Friday time slot(s) in the VCWG meeting agenda can be found here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/161h0QO8QODtS04eyLQqc6errV7RamcbS-xOPJL6S0g0/edit#gid=0
[Tue 12:10:48] <dlongley>	manu: Would be good to have the chairs for CCG, VCWG, Web Commerce IG, etc, all supporting unified vision.
[Tue 12:11:10] <ChristopherA>	+1
[Tue 12:11:28] <ChristopherA>	I plan to be there.
[Tue 12:11:31] <dlongley>	manu: Other thing that just came up is the potential to do a lightning talk in front of the whole AC. I've submitted something there that is a boiled down version of that. If folks are ok I'll take lead for presentations for then and the lightning talk. If people want to help that would be super awesome. Trying to get that done.
[Tue 12:11:33] <drummond>	I will be there and would definitely like to help.
[Tue 12:11:36] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:11:36] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:11:42] *	manu thx Drummond... will send you the deck.
[Tue 12:11:46] <Moses>	q+
[Tue 12:11:46] <voip-ccg>	Moses has been added to the queue: Moses
[Tue 12:11:46] <drummond>	q+
[Tue 12:11:46] <voip-ccg>	drummond has been added to the queue: Moses, drummond
[Tue 12:12:11] <manu>	ChristopherA: If you want to help Manu with this, contact him.
[Tue 12:12:22] <Moses>	q-
[Tue 12:12:22] <voip-ccg>	Moses has been removed from the queue: drummond
[Tue 12:12:27] <drummond>	q-
[Tue 12:12:27] <voip-ccg>	drummond has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 12:12:29] <Moses>	1+
[Tue 12:12:32] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:12:32] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:13:01] <ChristopherA>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io
[Tue 12:13:05] <manu>	ChristopherA: Work items - we did a process to identify work items... getting consent for them... maybe we haven't been as consistent in updating the work items on the Github page.
[Tue 12:13:13] <Moses>	Manu, I won't be at TPAC, can you or someone connect with Ed Bice and handle coordinating with him?
[Tue 12:13:26] *	drummond Manu, it was just to let you know that Nathan and I be there all week, and could use guidance from you as to the best places to focus my attention/work.
[Tue 12:13:28] <manu>	Topic: DID Specification
[Tue 12:13:28] <manu>	ChristopherA: We clearly said we wanted the DID spec, Digital Verification specs (LD Signatures), Verifiable Claims security/privacy ecosystem, lifecycle docs.
[Tue 12:13:42] *	manu Moses Matt Stone is on that - they're coordinating w/ Ed.
[Tue 12:14:02] *	manu drummond happy to once my head stops spinning :) - will coordinate w/ you on presentations.
[Tue 12:14:32] <dlongley>	manu: I'll take it all the way through Rebooting and if Drummond can take it through IIW that would be awesome.
[Tue 12:14:40] <drummond>	Happy to
[Tue 12:14:57] <dlongley>	manu: Before Rebooting we proposed a number of changes to the spec that we then implemented and put up on a Veres One test net to make sure the concepts worked. At Rebooting there were discussions and more changes to the DID spec.
[Tue 12:15:02] *	JanCamenisch has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:15:32] <dlongley>	manu: The examples were updated and issue markers added. Language was simplified and sections 1 and 2 updated. Sections 1 and 2 and very first part of 3 should flow now.
[Tue 12:15:39] <dlongley>	manu: But IIW discussions happened and there are more changes.
[Tue 12:16:13] <manu>	drummond: There was a huge amount of interest in the DID spec on the topic. I did a DID talk 3 times, so the good news is that there is a lot of interest and buy into the vision.
[Tue 12:17:11] <ChristopherA>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1amDNmBqu8uXKeEqdoZ2RMaaxiUlqUKyKoyi8YgGWG6M/edit#
[Tue 12:17:15] <manu>	drummond: At the same time, a bunch of developers came in and asked for the details, had a bunch of conversations about how keys and services were managed, a couple of long standing questions around key selection and server selection... lots of discussion, no final changes yet. Met with Christian and he boiled down his concerns... hardened format.
[Tue 12:17:47] <manu>	drummond: The picture that this is DIDs and DID Documents are the foundation of a DPKI that describes that, folks are agreeing with that, very universal thing.
[Tue 12:18:03] <manu>	drummond: You should be able to take a DID and retrieve a DID document, they want to simplify and harden the format.
[Tue 12:18:42] <manu>	ChristopherA: Do we discuss those changes in this group?
[Tue 12:19:41] <dlongley>	manu: First step is discussion. I think we need to have discussion in the doc first to understand where everybody is coming from. Based on that we need to figure out what changes will be made to the document.
[Tue 12:20:11] <ChristopherA>	(keys vs proofs I still don't agree in, obcap, etc.0
[Tue 12:20:13] <dlongley>	manu: One of the problematic things here is that problems were reintroduced with some of the new proposals. We need to make sure people understand that. Putting all the keys in one thing, putting all the services in one thing, making everything optional -- these are problematic.
[Tue 12:20:21] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000552] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:20:32] <voip-ccg>	Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-00000553] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:20:32] <dlongley>	manu: There are a number of things I agreed with but also other things where it's totally up in the air what we put in the spec.
[Tue 12:20:42] <manu>	drummond: We should proceeed with discussion as quickly as we can, but hopefully we'll be able to work through quickly.
[Tue 12:20:47] <voip-ccg>	Chris Webber [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000552] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:20:55] *	cwebber guess not
[Tue 12:20:56] *	drummond manu: agreed
[Tue 12:21:22] <manu>	ChristopherA: Let's have a discussion about the less controversial things... keys vs. proofs can come later... 
[Tue 12:21:26] <drummond>	I was amazed at the level of interest/feedback at IIW.
[Tue 12:22:25] <mike-lodder>	Dlongley: can you make sure you put your concerns in the hardening doc
[Tue 12:22:39] <dlongley>	manu: That would be fine if there was agreement on things, but there really isn't yet. Based on reading the hardening proposal there's just agreement on DIDs and little else. So the only option is putting both options in the spec right now but that's confusing.
[Tue 12:23:35] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: There is a PR from manu, the spec we have today, and a list of items for further discussion. There was no way at IIW for them to go through the three days for them to go through ocap. There was no way for them to talk about proofs and not keys, etc. We at least need a proposal for the best of a certain thing here.
[Tue 12:23:45] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: There would be a separate discussion about things that are uncertain.
[Tue 12:24:25] <dlongley>	manu: It makes sense, I think some subset of the community will feel alienated if we push forward with the current proposal. I'm worried about that. One way we could do it is say "Here's the Rebooting version" and someone else could put in the "IIW version" and compare side by side.
[Tue 12:24:56] <dlongley>	manu: We could also say "Here's the version from the end of Rebooting and we have one implementation but say that a bunch of issues were raised at IIW and include those.
[Tue 12:24:56] <voip-ccg>	14153505140 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000555] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:25:03] <dlongley>	manu: Drummond what would you prefer to do?
[Tue 12:25:26] <mike-lodder>	+1 Drummond so everyone can see why decisions were made
[Tue 12:25:38] <dlongley>	drummond: I think there's a benefit in showing the progression. Fine to update with Rebooting Web of Trust and call it the proposal after that and then have a discussion about the hardening proposal and it's boiled down and there's a subsequent decision and the whole thing is clear.
[Tue 12:25:43] <manu>	q+ to agree w/ Drummond's approach.
[Tue 12:25:43] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:25:46] <dlongley>	drummond: It will show the level of effort and scrutiny going into this.
[Tue 12:25:49] <dlongley>	drummond: I think that's a good thing.
[Tue 12:25:55] <mike-lodder>	q?
[Tue 12:25:56] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:26:08] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:26:08] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:26:10] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: From my perspective, we actually have people beginning to implement stuff and they are leaning in the direction of Rebooting and I'm hoping not to lose that momentum.
[Tue 12:26:49] <dlongley>	manu: I just wanted to agree with Drummond's approach. Post Rebooting this is the state that we're in, including all the issues people had there. And then in the DID spec hardening proposal we can have a discussion there and once it settles we can apply those changes to the spec.
[Tue 12:26:55] <dlongley>	manu: And we outline that very clearly in the spec.
[Tue 12:27:10] <dlongley>	manu: So we have a cohesive document post Rebooting -- and then fork that and experiment with the DID spec hardening proposal.
[Tue 12:27:43] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 12:27:43] <voip-ccg>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: manu, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:27:44] <manu>	ChristopherA: We'll create an action item... RWoT5 draft - Manu will do that... Drummond, you'll continue the hardening proposal... when they're ready (probably after TPAC), we'll schedule an hour on this call to discuss.
[Tue 12:27:44] <drummond>	Yes, I'm fine with coordinating discussion on the DID spec hardening proposal.
[Tue 12:27:45] *	dlongley mike-lodder yes -- i can do that, but i'm just scribing what manu is saying on the call right now if that was unclear :)
[Tue 12:27:47] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 12:27:47] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to agree w/ Drummond's approach.).
[Tue 12:28:17] <manu>	ChristopherA: Moving on through high-level review - next item on our website - Digital Verfication specs.
[Tue 12:28:18] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 12:28:18] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:28:19] <manu>	ack JoeAndrieu 
[Tue 12:28:21] <voip-ccg>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 12:28:30] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: Is there a current PR on the work before RWoT.
[Tue 12:28:38] *	mike-lodder dlongley please both you and manu
[Tue 12:28:53] *	dlongley yes, we will be giving feedback in that doc
[Tue 12:28:58] *	mike-lodder add your comments to the hardening thanks
[Tue 12:29:33] <drummond>	I'm in favor of Joe cleaning up the language about identity.
[Tue 12:29:42] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: I want to do a PR for the DID spec...
[Tue 12:29:55] <manu>	Manu: +1 to Joe cleaning up the stuff around identity in the spec
[Tue 12:30:14] <manu>	ChristopherA: Joe and his team did a good job cleaning up that stuff, so it's a post rebooting thing.
[Tue 12:30:47] <manu>	Topic: Digital Verification Cryptography
[Tue 12:30:47] <manu>	ChristopherA: Digital Verification specs - haven't made any updates on that - hoping that Jan can start making progress on cryptographic selective disclosure... I'm concerned that they may have impact on others... no activity so far.
[Tue 12:30:58] <manu>	q+ to note @graph @container
[Tue 12:30:58] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:31:00] *	mike-lodder JanC dropped from the call
[Tue 12:31:53] <ChristopherA>	https://w3c-dvcg.github.io/
[Tue 12:31:57] <manu>	Jan: We did have specs for ABC4Trust project... we did specs of IDEMix early on... ABC4Trust reached Microsoft what we have in IDEMixer - working w/ Evernym to bring it to formats that are consumable by this group here. Once we have that format done, we can try to move it through this group.
[Tue 12:32:06] <drummond>	+1 to having Jan bringing this work it.
[Tue 12:32:08] <drummond>	in
[Tue 12:32:16] <mike-lodder>	+1 Jan
[Tue 12:32:19] <manu>	manu: +1 to Jan :)
[Tue 12:32:37] <manu>	ChristopherA: This is another thing that's limiting us in our proposals...
[Tue 12:32:57] <manu>	ChristopherA: So +1 to bringing that into the group.
[Tue 12:33:06] *	JanCamenisch (~JanCamenisch@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:33:12] <ChristopherA>	https://w3c-dvcg.github.io/
[Tue 12:33:15] *	manu JanCamenisch https://w3c-dvcg.github.io/
[Tue 12:33:29] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:33:29] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:33:53] <Camenisch>	timeline for a first presentable draft would be end of november
[Tue 12:34:08] <dlongley>	Topic: JSON-LD and LD Signature Updates
[Tue 12:34:08] <dlongley>	manu: There have been some behind the scenes updates for the reference implementations for Linked Data Signatures, Dave Longley put in support for contextualized nested graphs, so we can do digital signatures around nested graphs more easily now.
[Tue 12:34:28] <dlongley>	manu: So a credential encapsulates the claim as a nested graph now.
[Tue 12:34:45] <dlongley>	manu: The good news is that that works now -- same thing with VerifiableProfile and its credentials (these are nested graphs).
[Tue 12:35:30] <dlongley>	manu: Another change made was that the JSON-LD signature libraries did not throw an error when terms were unmapped (in the @context) and now there's an option in the processor (and on by default in the upcoming json-ld signatures lib) that will allow a signature to be thrown (or any custom behavior) when unmapped terms are detected.
[Tue 12:35:35] <dlongley>	manu: So two very important advances.
[Tue 12:36:02] <manu>	ChristopherA: We do have a mailing list for DVCG topics - since this isn't of concern to a number of people, I'd like to drag in more cryptographers... maybe we can revive that discussion list with these two things.
[Tue 12:36:34] <manu>	Topic: Credential Handler API
[Tue 12:36:34] <manu>	ChristopherA: Verifiable Claims Credential Handler API - presented and demoed at RWoT5 - can we get a high level from Dave Longley on this?
[Tue 12:36:44] <manu>	ChristopherA: When is the next deliverable on this... what do you need?
[Tue 12:37:01] <dlongley>	https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1qk9-6dpsZttrFr4qV-aID2L2OFTcKHL1epkzRgB8pZc/edit#slide=id.p3
[Tue 12:37:32] <dlongley>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/credential-handler-api/issues
[Tue 12:37:33] <manu>	dlongley: The main thing we're waiting on is feedback from David Chadwick - he sent a slide deck showing how his demo worked using what I believe is a native app version of this... he's travelling this week, don't know if he can join today. Differences between both approaches, pros and cons, number of issues in issue tracker.
[Tue 12:37:54] <dlongley>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/credential-handler-api/issues/1
[Tue 12:38:08] <mike-lodder>	q?
[Tue 12:38:08] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:38:12] *	monkey (~monkey@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:38:13] <manu>	dlongley: I'm looking for feedback here - need to throw a spec together for credential handler API... in terms of polyfill - showing it at TPAC... in particular there is an issue that we'd want more feedback on... signing the verifiable profile to do proof of possession there... 
[Tue 12:38:13] <manu>	q-
[Tue 12:38:13] <voip-ccg>	manu has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 12:38:27] <manu>	dlongley: We just need more feedback at this point and to put the spec together.
[Tue 12:38:30] <voip-ccg>	Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-00000553] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:38:36] <manu>	ChristopherA: We'll get that into our weekly queue.
[Tue 12:38:36] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:38:36] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:38:41] *	manu wonders who monkey is :)
[Tue 12:39:12] <manu>	ChristopherA: Since DavidC isn't here today, we can't make progress on Credential Handler API and Lifecycle document.
[Tue 12:39:13] <voip-ccg>	18608368633 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000559] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:39:14] <ChristopherA>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/
[Tue 12:39:34] <manu>	Topic: Lifecycle Model
[Tue 12:40:23] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: The lifecycle model is going well, RWoT came up with draft of our model last week - setup for weekly meetings, going to try to push through - get a version on the human experience that we should bless/publish as a completed task - where are the verifiable claims in here - that's the lifecycle that we want to include in that model... don't know what the schedule looks like.
[Tue 12:40:59] <manu>	ChristopherA: The remaining things were not officially approved - Joram, Verifiable News, ... are these candidates - what else are we missing? What else do people want to have as work items for this group?
[Tue 12:41:19] <manu>	ChristopherA: We don't want to meet more than once a week, we don't want to overload the group, there are things that can move independently.
[Tue 12:41:28] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:41:29] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:41:38] *	dlongley i think we have plenty of work items at this point :)
[Tue 12:41:47] *	manu would like less work items :p
[Tue 12:41:54] *	dlongley more collaboration at this point is all that is needed
[Tue 12:41:57] <JoeAndrieu>	+1 manu
[Tue 12:42:05] <mike-lodder>	+1 manu
[Tue 12:42:13] <drummond>	+1 to publishing the primers
[Tue 12:42:33] <drummond>	+1 to less work items. Let's get the DID spec done done.
[Tue 12:42:34] <manu>	ChristopherA: We may want to put these primers forward... maybe first two primers.
[Tue 12:42:39] <rgrant>	q+
[Tue 12:42:39] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been added to the queue: rgrant
[Tue 12:42:52] <dlongley>	+1 to focusing on getting existing work items done
[Tue 12:40:59] <manu>	Topic: Verifiable News
[Tue 12:43:03] <manu>	ChristopherA: Moses, where are we with Verifiable News - who else is participating?
[Tue 12:43:53] <voip-ccg>	Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-0000055a] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:43:57] <manu>	Moses: I have Adam Sobieski and Ed Bice working on first draft of whitepaper... after we get whitepaper, we'll develop a set of slides that we can socialize... Ed has been working on a proposal that he is submitting, working on whitepaper today, did write a first pass...
[Tue 12:44:17] <manu>	Moses: It's more important to get money here to pay for breakout session at TPAC.
[Tue 12:45:00] <drummond>	Wow, cool, Moses!
[Tue 12:45:04] <manu>	Moses: I set him up with a few folks - he's shopping the idea around now.
[Tue 12:45:34] <drummond>	Even standards communities can use the help of some billionaires ;-)
[Tue 12:46:03] *	manu would like help from 1) other spec editors, 2) billionaires. :p
[Tue 12:46:25] <manu>	ChristopherA: We have to produce stuff in this community - specs and collaboration around specs.
[Tue 12:46:48] <manu>	ChristopherA: We need to connect the dots - are we using DIDs, Verifiable Claims, how does this fit into the credentials ecosystem?
[Tue 12:47:09] <manu>	ChristopherA: If we're not reusing this stuff - maybe it needs to be another community.
[Tue 12:47:49] <manu>	Moses: W3C staff want to push something through in the next six months... but everyone agrees it's only a triage... they don't want to play whack-a-mole... we need to fix this, Verifiable Claims is the right way to do this.
[Tue 12:47:57] <rgrant>	q- i'll pass, Christopher seems to have covered my question amidst his others.
[Tue 12:47:57] <voip-ccg>	i'll isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:48:04] <rgrant>	q-
[Tue 12:48:04] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 12:48:39] <manu>	ChristopherA: I've had some push back on whether or not they belong in this CG... I'm leaning toward them being work items, but they do need to be a Community consensus thing.
[Tue 12:48:47] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 12:48:47] <voip-ccg>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:49:05] <manu>	Topic: Other Work Items
[Tue 12:49:05] <manu>	ChristopherA: Who else wants to comment about Web of Trust family - how to enable anonymous identities, how to enable web of trust...
[Tue 12:49:05] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:49:05] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:49:10] <ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:49:10] <voip-ccg>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 12:49:59] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: Given that I have 3 work products in that pipeline, I do think there is a lot more work done - they're collaborative and engaging in a community. It'll take a while to get them through this consensus process so that they're proper contributions. Amira, we focused on the human experience, there is an iteration that needs to happen.
[Tue 12:50:15] <manu>	q+ to note that those work items are interesting/but different... +1 to integrate in time.
[Tue 12:50:15] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:50:19] <ChristopherA>	ack manu
[Tue 12:50:19] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to note that those work items are interesting/but different... +1 to integrate in time.).
[Tue 12:50:49] <dlongley>	manu: The type of stuff that Joe's been doing, all these lifecycle use case stuff, is stuff that W3C typically never does. And I think that is to their detriment. There is no full blown thought out human use cases.
[Tue 12:51:06] <dlongley>	manu: The use cases tend to be Joe wants to login into a website and wants to use his Yubikey.
[Tue 12:51:37] <drummond>	+1 to publishing Joe's document as a community document.
[Tue 12:51:39] <dlongley>	manu: I don't think your document goes through the W3C standardization process but instead it is proof that we've done the work establishing the purpose and design for the other things.
[Tue 12:51:50] <dlongley>	manu: We can publish these things as community docs or NOTEs.
[Tue 12:52:13] <burn>	Frustrating as it is, there is good reason W3C has gone this way.  They strongly avoid defining anything that could be considered user interface guidelines or instructions because browsers have always distinguished themselves by UI.
[Tue 12:52:18] <dlongley>	manu: I think you're in new territory but I think it would be really interesting to push that at W3C, it can be an official W3C doc (as a NOTE) but I think it paints a beautiful story around the human experience.
[Tue 12:52:41] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:52:41] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:52:49] <dlongley>	manu: Pulling all those things in and having the community work on them would be difficult and could be a distraction at this point, but there are different communities working on these things, where both types of docs are really important.
[Tue 12:53:04] <dlongley>	manu: I think we can somehow get that work in here, several different paths to take, lots of work to do, but worth doing.
[Tue 12:53:46] <manu>	ChristopherA: I'd like to flip that around - I'd like to see that these are community documents... perhaps we can get other communities to do high quality community docs... Is there anyone here that objects to working on this or adopting these work items?
[Tue 12:54:08] <manu>	drummond: I don't object, the opposite - it's a vital part of our efforts.
[Tue 12:54:31] <manu>	ChristopherA: I'd like to draw more people into this community - cryptocurrency folks - former PGP folks, etc.
[Tue 12:54:47] <manu>	ChristopherA: If we don't address some of the Web of Trust stuff, if we only focus on major issuers, we're going to lose them.
[Tue 12:55:01] <manu>	manu: +1 to bringing those people in... because fundamentally, this is about decentralization.
[Tue 12:55:41] <manu>	ChristopherA: Given the status of items today - need a better web page, describes what is what - what is pending - any other thoughts on this topic or what do we talk about next week - week before tpac... we cancel meeting during TPAC.
[Tue 12:55:59] <drummond>	+1 to canceling meeting during TPAC
[Tue 12:56:08] <rgrant>	q+ what aobut DID spec updates?
[Tue 12:56:08] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been added to the queue: rgrant
[Tue 12:56:11] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 12:56:11] <voip-ccg>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: rgrant, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:56:43] <drummond>	+1 to going over the presentation next week. I may or may not be able to attend as I'm at the MIT Legal Forum on AI & Blockchain workshop that day.
[Tue 12:56:52] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 12:56:52] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: rgrant, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:57:05] <manu>	ChristopherA: Ok, then let's focus on presentations for next Tueday.
[Tue 12:57:06] <ChristopherA>	ack rgrant
[Tue 12:57:06] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has the floor (what aobut DID spec updates?).
[Tue 12:57:07] <manu>	ack rgrant 
[Tue 12:57:07] <voip-ccg>	rgrant isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:57:33] <burn>	q+ to ask about VCWG time
[Tue 12:57:33] <voip-ccg>	burn has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu, burn
[Tue 12:57:36] <ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:57:36] <voip-ccg>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 12:57:46] <manu>	rgrant: Do we need an updated DID spec?
[Tue 12:57:54] *	monkey has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:58:14] <manu>	manu: We don't need an updated DID spec...
[Tue 12:58:29] <manu>	manu: This is more about messaging what we're doing.
[Tue 12:58:36] <manu>	Topic: Path for DID Spec Standardization
[Tue 12:58:36] <manu>	JoeAndrieu: Where are we wrt. DID spec standardization?
[Tue 12:59:06] <manu>	ChristopherA: This parallels what the Web Payments CG did - get some broad support from various parties, propose WG process get buy in.
[Tue 12:59:25] <manu>	ChristopherA: We're doing front-running on DID spec now... circulating ideas at W3C, will eventually migrate to WG item.
[Tue 13:00:10] <dlongley>	manu: I think that's exactly it. Joe to be very specific, at TPAC this year we're going to introduce the idea of DIDs going standards track at W3C and they are critical part of bringing Web Payments and VC together. It's something W3C really needs to do -- showing a vision for that.
[Tue 13:00:24] <dlongley>	manu: We want to be able to slot the DID spec in there because we spent this TPAC telling them how important this is.
[Tue 13:00:53] <dlongley>	manu: The DID spec is currently slotted to go into W3C for standardization and we need to do front running at TPAC so that when a new WG rechartering happens maybe Spring next year, the DID spec can be brought in.
[Tue 13:01:07] <dlongley>	JoeAndrieu: Do we coordinate with the DIF people? They have DID spec listed as an item.
[Tue 13:01:10] <burn>	q-
[Tue 13:01:10] <voip-ccg>	burn has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 13:01:14] <nage>	q+
[Tue 13:01:14] <voip-ccg>	nage has been added to the queue: nage
[Tue 13:01:18] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: We've been told, verbally, that they don't do specs, just implementations.
[Tue 13:01:27] <ChristopherA>	ack burn
[Tue 13:01:27] <voip-ccg>	burn isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 13:01:28] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: My hope is that they'll work on getting their implementation details into our specs.
[Tue 13:01:28] *	burn dropped from queue in interest of time
[Tue 13:02:05] <manu>	burn: Reminder that this group has 90 minutes at W3C TPAC for discussion of anything that is CCG related. We'll broaden the scope to talk about anything CCG wants to talk about.
[Tue 13:02:24] <manu>	ChristopherA: I'd like to walk through the list of items that we're doing here with that group... 
[Tue 13:02:27] <nage>	q- Just to confirm ChristopherA's comment, DIF is an implementation organization and now has cross-membership with Hyperledger (W3C patent mode and Apache 2.0 implementations)
[Tue 13:02:27] <voip-ccg>	Just isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 13:02:34] <nage>	q-
[Tue 13:02:34] <voip-ccg>	nage has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 13:03:21] <manu>	ChristopherA: We'll have a meeting next week - review of TPAC presentation - or at least a draft of them... if there are other things that need to be done before TPAC, let me know. Hope to see many of you at TPAC.
[Tue 13:03:25] <voip-ccg>	Present+ sporny, lake, nage, lodder, lehn, moses, christophera, suedonym, andrieu, camenisch, andrewh, grant, drummond, burn
