[Tue 11:06:42] <manu>	scribe: bsletten
[Tue 11:06:42] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016May/0018.html
[Tue 11:06:42] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to Alka Gupta from GlobalID
[Tue 11:06:42] <bsletten>	Alka: Hi, Alka Gupta from GlobalID. I think Greg Kidd introduced what we do a while ago. This is my first call, happy to be here and see where the group is wrt. progress.
[Tue 11:06:42] <manu>	Topic: Blockchain and Identity 
[Tue 11:06:43] <bsletten>	Manu: We're going to move the agenda around a bit to dovetail things together. We're going to start with Blockchain.
[Tue 11:07:22] <bsletten>	Manu: A number of us are still trying to get cleared to discuss this publicly, but in general, we are inviting a number of organizations involved in blockchain and identity and credentials to present in 30 min chunks over the next two months.
[Tue 11:07:34] <manu>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/ID2020DesignWorkshop
[Tue 11:07:52] <voip-vctf>	16106179300 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000023d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:08:05] *	colleen (~colleen@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:08:45] *	wiobyrne (~wiobyrne@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:08:50] <bsletten>	Manu: The primary purpose is to get some cohesion around identity and blockchain as it applies to verifiable claims. We might get some ID2020 discussion. How do you make sure someone is control of their data? What are the technical solutions? We're not reliant upon blockchain but we think there a number of technologies that could be useful to us in the world of verifiable claims.
[Tue 11:09:00] <bsletten>	Manu: Any questions about this?
[Tue 11:09:19] <NateOtto>	Is there any orgs you can announce that will be participating in these presentations?
[Tue 11:09:32] <manu>	voip: 23d is ColleenKennedy
[Tue 11:09:33] <voip-vctf>	Associated ColleenKennedy with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000023d.
[Tue 11:09:54] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000023e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:04] *	dlongley brian - that was Alka speaking
[Tue 11:10:04] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-0000023f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:10:21] *	les (~les@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:11:30] <bsletten>	Manu: ID2020 is being host by the United Nations to have pilots running by 2020 and have the under identified have credentials by 2030. A number of the verifiable claims folks are going to be participating to help define what the architecture looks like. We'll be publishing papers and discussions afterwards.
[Tue 11:11:31] <ShaneM>	q+ to ask how this dovetails with the blockchain workshop the W3C is holding
[Tue 11:11:31] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: ShaneM
[Tue 11:11:37] *	stone (~stone@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:12:09] <manu>	ack ShaneM 
[Tue 11:12:09] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor (to ask how this dovetails with the blockchain workshop the W3C is holding).
[Tue 11:12:17] <voip-vctf>	17034304716 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000240] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:12:29] <bsletten>	Shane: I know the W3C is holding a blockchain workshop going on and I was wondering if there is cross-pollination going on.
[Tue 11:13:09] <bsletten>	Manu: Yes, there is. Several of these people are submitting position papers. The W3C is looking at non-financial industry use cases. Clearly there are financial industry uses case, but they want to discuss others.
[Tue 11:13:33] <manu>	Topic: Verifiable Claims Data Model Specification
[Tue 11:13:35] <burn>	Data Model doc:  http://opencreds.org/specs/source/claims-data-model/
[Tue 11:14:48] <bsletten>	Burn: I've put a link for the document. This is document is a reverse engineering of some concrete examples that the Credentials Community Group created. We've supported JSON, JSON-LD and WebIDL. We've tried to capture that data model and show how it can be represented in different serializations.
[Tue 11:15:49] *	manu 4.1.2
[Tue 11:16:04] <manu>	We're talking about section 4.1.2 now - Expressing Claims in JSON
[Tue 11:16:12] <manu>	Now we're moving to section 3.3
[Tue 11:18:47] <bsletten>	burn: The spec talks about expressing basic claims in section 4.1.2 - that's the simplest example. I've been working from examples for most of this. So, let me know if I got something wrong. The other change is moving the word credential back into the document. I also mention identity, it's going to be hard to get away from that. Any comments on the spec so far?
[Tue 11:18:57] <manu>	q+ to ask how ready the document is to take into a WG.
[Tue 11:18:58] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:19:09] *	dlongley thanks to Dan!
[Tue 11:19:59] <bsletten>	Manu: Thank you for working on this Dan. It's a great direction. At some point, we're going to have to tell the WPIG we are ready to take a voting package to the W3C membership for a vote. What should we focus on for the next month to do that? Where are we with the spec now? Can we hand it over to a WG? Of not, what should we focus on to get there?
[Tue 11:20:59] <bsletten>	Burn: There is a bunch of linking/editorial cleanup that I'll be doing. It needs and introduction and abstract. I plan to write a first draft of that so people can review. It's important for people to look at the data model and how it is going to be expressed in those formats. We need to make sure there is nothing missing or wrong.
[Tue 11:21:07] <bsletten>	Manu: Thank you, Dan.
[Tue 11:22:16] <bsletten>	Manu: It's worth mentioning that the content in this document is something that we should have agreement on in the CG and VCTF. We are agreeing on that this is what things should look like. The best thing that could come out of this is a bunch of large organizations saying this is the best way to proceed. That they would be willing to deploy it to there customers.
[Tue 11:22:39] <burn>	q+
[Tue 11:22:39] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: manu, burn
[Tue 11:22:50] <NateOtto>	q+
[Tue 11:22:50] <voip-vctf>	NateOtto has been added to the queue: manu, burn, NateOtto
[Tue 11:22:54] <bsletten>	Manu: If you are on this call and are from a large organization, let us know what you think, especially if you disagree with the direction we are taking we. We do not want that to come out later. We want to address the issues upfront.
[Tue 11:22:54] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:22:55] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to ask how ready the document is to take into a WG.).
[Tue 11:22:57] <manu>	ack burn
[Tue 11:22:58] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor.
[Tue 11:23:28] <manu>	q+ to note that we can't completely avoid Identity, but we can down play it and bury it quite a bit.
[Tue 11:23:28] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: NateOtto, manu
[Tue 11:23:35] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000241] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:23:51] <manu>	ack NateOtto 
[Tue 11:23:51] <voip-vctf>	NateOtto has the floor.
[Tue 11:23:52] <bsletten>	Burn: One other thing I did want to bring up. This document does talk about identities (something we said we weren't going to talk about). The reason it is in there is because the credentials/claims dataset makes reference to that. Should that stay in? Should the identity pieces be moved? I don't have a strong opinion on but I suspect others will.
[Tue 11:24:01] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000242] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:24:33] <bsletten>	NateOtto: My question is on expressing claims in JSON vs JSON-LD. What is the benefit we see for expressing this in regular old JSON?
[Tue 11:24:59] <erkorb_rm>	@burn typo "4.2.2 Expressing Claims in JSON-HD" should be "JSON-LD"
[Tue 11:25:51] <burn>	@erkorb thanks
[Tue 11:25:57] <bsletten>	Manu: What is the value of plain JSON claims and how do you do signatures on that. In the survey feedback we put out, there was one large telecom company interested in self-claims that doesn't need digital signatures. If the model is flexible enough to do self-claims (things you type into a form), they had use cases that worked with self claims. The value is dependent upon the use cases.
[Tue 11:26:01] <NateOtto>	NateOtto: And a second question: How do you perform a LinkedDataSignature2015 on plain JSON data?
[Tue 11:26:22] *	dezell (~webmaster@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:26:30] <burn>	@erkorb unless we want to move to Hi-Def JSON . . . (joking)
[Tue 11:26:44] *	dezell sorry to be late folks - I get a busy signal on the phone number.
[Tue 11:27:09] <erkorb_rm>	burn, +1 ;-)
[Tue 11:27:29] <burn>	q+ to ask whether a better signed JSON example is available
[Tue 11:27:29] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: manu, burn
[Tue 11:27:32] <bsletten>	Manu: That's where it came from. It also came from we have LinkedData Signature stuff and that stuff is controversial in the crypto community. There is a subset that thinks we should use JOSE (JWS, JWT, etc.) If people want to do that, they can. More recently we have changed the LInkedSignature specs to allow the use of JWT-based signatures. They are ugly and nasty, but our hope is to stave off some of the arguments against the VC work because we are saying
[Tue 11:27:43] <bsletten>	Manu: LinkedData signatures are a nice way to represent them.
[Tue 11:27:47] *	wiobyrne has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:27:51] <bsletten>	Manu: We're not picking a winner.
[Tue 11:27:58] <dlongley>	burn: the definition for an "id" for an Identity should indicate that the identifier doesn't have to be long-lived, but can be (want to be clear that the data model supports both long-lasting IDs and ephemeral ones ... so varying levels of privacy and limited disclosure implications)
[Tue 11:29:10] <NateOtto>	 Interesting to hear manu say that the LinkedDataSignature2015 spec can be flexible enough to use JWT as well as the core linked data signature method. I agree that would look pretty ugly, but that is an interesting avenue to keep this work open to.
[Tue 11:29:13] <burn>	@dlongley okay, will add that.  Feel free to submit a PR with precise text if you have it, but if not I'll write it
[Tue 11:29:26] <bsletten>	Manu: The other question was how to transfer that into a LinkedData signature. You suggested adding a context and that is spot-on and then you can take a signature. We're thinking about a new signature mechanism around JOSE/JWT. If some of the IETF people or others will assist, then we will support it. If it doesn't happen, we'll only have JSON-LD and LinkedData signatures.
[Tue 11:29:35] <dlongley>	burn: yeah don't have anything precise :/
[Tue 11:29:37] <manu>	q?
[Tue 11:29:37] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, burn
[Tue 11:29:40] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:29:40] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note that we can't completely avoid Identity, but we can down play it and bury it quite a bit.).
[Tue 11:29:41] <manu>	ack burn 
[Tue 11:29:41] <voip-vctf>	burn has the floor (to ask whether a better signed JSON example is available).
[Tue 11:30:03] <bsletten>	NateOtto: I think it is important to keep this open to people who don't want to use JSON-LD.
[Tue 11:30:53] <bsletten>	Burn: This is the second question we got about this. These examples that we show are just examples, not normative. We currently show a signature mechanism with regular JSON. Can we show something else?
[Tue 11:30:58] <NateOtto>	+1 to showing an example of the simplest claim possible wrapped in JWT.
[Tue 11:31:38] <bsletten>	Manu: That format doesn't exist yet. We have some ideas but don't want people to reject them outright because we haven't thought it through. We can show the non-Base64-encoded version and that would be a good compromise.
[Tue 11:31:45] <bsletten>	Burn: I would welcome an example from someone.
[Tue 11:31:54] <NateOtto>	Yes, it'll be ugly in the document, (with base64decoded version as well), but that might help people understand why we want to use the LinkedDataSignature2015 instead. ;)
[Tue 11:32:04] <manu>	https://web-payments.org/specs/source/ld-signatures/
[Tue 11:32:25] <manu>	http://json-ld.org/playground/
[Tue 11:32:41] <NateOtto>	Awesome! Thanks for adding the signed tab to the playground!
[Tue 11:32:47] <bsletten>	Manu: The LD Signatures spec has more complete examples of what a LD Signature looks like. If you go to the JSON-LD playground, it has support for signatures. You can copy and paste from the signature tab.
[Tue 11:32:47] <erkorb_rm>	NateOtto, +1 good for comparison
[Tue 11:32:59] <bsletten>	Burn: That's probably less controversial than plain JSON with a LD Signature.
[Tue 11:33:18] <bsletten>	Manu: We should definitely demonstrate both signature mechanisms in the spec and be real examples of what we expect them to look like.
[Tue 11:33:27] <bsletten>	Manu: Any other questions on the specification?
[Tue 11:33:38] <manu>	Topic: Credentials Transparency Initiative Terminology
[Tue 11:34:18] *	burn is hearing continuous background static as of 30 seconds ago
[Tue 11:34:58] <bsletten>	Manu: This came about after a few of us took a look at the CTI vocabulary. We were trying to take the CTI work and express their credentials using the VC data model. What we hit was a terminology and modeling issue. The way that the CTI uses the term credential is slightly different to the way we use in the CG.
[Tue 11:35:57] <bsletten>	Manu: We think that there might be a pattern emerging (banking, healthcare, education) use the term credential in slightly different ways. The question is, should we stay away from the term 'credential' and let people use it the way they mean it or should we take on the work of aligning the meanings across these industries.
[Tue 11:36:39] <bsletten>	Manu: If we don't use it, different verticals can use it. The pro is that verticals figure it out themselves. The con is that there will inevitably be two market verticals that use the term in contradictory ways.
[Tue 11:37:31] <dlongley>	it would be good if the core, generic format for verifiable claims had a clear use of the term Credential (or a replacement term or set of guidelines) going forward.
[Tue 11:37:42] <bsletten>	Manu: If we establish our meaning and discourage reuse in the market vertical, at least there is one group trying to shepherd the term through in the use on the Web? The downside is that we won't talk with one of the verticals or they'll just do their own thing.
[Tue 11:37:52] <NateOtto>	Could you highlight what the two definitions are and what their conflict is in more detail?
[Tue 11:38:15] <bsletten>	Manu: We think this is going to continue to happen. Should we stop using the term or should we encourage the CTI to stop using it. Or is there some middle ground?
[Tue 11:39:33] <burn>	dlongley, right now the core doc says that Credential is just the name for the container.  Are you saying that is not clear?  I think it may be less than we want to say, but I don't believe it is unclear as written.
[Tue 11:39:35] <bsletten>	Sutton: I think you paint the picture correctly. I think you paint the picture of variation in multiple verticals correctly as well. I think that trying to get the verticals to define the term in the same way may be a fool's errand. The amount of pushback that the CTI group is getting to not calling it a credential is significant.
[Tue 11:40:48] <bsletten>	Sutton: There is murkiness around what is meant. It is used to describe the thing that describes the substance of the credential. The thing that someone holds is also a credential. There are relationships between the claim and people are also called a credential.
[Tue 11:41:12] <dlongley>	burn: i don't think it's unclear, i'm just speaking to difference in definitions for "Credential" w/CTI and potentially other groups (saying we should define it and tell people how to use it with verifiable claims)
[Tue 11:41:29] <bsletten>	Sutton: If we look at organizations that span these groups, they have a lot invested in their literature and how they use the term.
[Tue 11:42:45] <bsletten>	Sutton: I think the problem with VCTF putting a stake in the ground is that it narrows the definition to a set of claims. Credentials exist independent of claims. That is where the pushback from the credentialing community comes from.
[Tue 11:43:13] <manu>	q+ dlongley
[Tue 11:43:13] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:43:16] <manu>	q+ ekorb
[Tue 11:43:16] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: dlongley, ekorb
[Tue 11:44:09] <manu>	q+ to propose a way forward - ClaimSet
[Tue 11:44:09] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: dlongley, ekorb, manu
[Tue 11:44:28] <manu>	ack dlehn 
[Tue 11:44:29] <voip-vctf>	dlehn isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:44:30] <manu>	ack dlongley 
[Tue 11:44:30] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:46:09] <bsletten>	dlongley: To speak to the idea of credential requiring claims to exist. Looking at the CTI work, we took it from the other direction thinking claims were out of scope. The VCTF takes the position that you have something that is tied to you. The CTI talks about more abstract things like types of degrees. A personal holding on to the degree doesn't hold the abstract thing. It is more like a certificate.
[Tue 11:46:12] <dlongley>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lKBhagznl4THYQ-Tth8NXXNae5g2XC7S0iEbnPscvmg/edit?usp=sharing
[Tue 11:46:17] <manu>	q+ to suggest Certificates
[Tue 11:46:17] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: ekorb, manu, manu
[Tue 11:46:26] <bsletten>	dlongley: That's some of the struggle we've had about using the CTI terms in the VCTF work.
[Tue 11:47:52] <NateOtto>	From the badges space, we find that the term "credential" is already very overloaded, and it will be difficult to try to carve out a space for our usage in those overlapping conversations. I like the term, but it is already used in all the ways described and organizations have deep investment in using it as a generic term. There's a big conversation on "are all badges credentials? can all credentials be expressed as badges?" Many different education
[Tue 11:47:52] <NateOtto>	 providers and assessors are picking their own names for what the artifact that they're delivering is (microcredentials, nanodegrees, badges). Use of "credentials" is very common. I think either we operate in this overloaded space (which is possible) or we avoid it by picking a different term.
[Tue 11:48:07] <bsletten>	dlongley: Please look at this Google Doc that discusses some of the issues.
[Tue 11:49:05] <bsletten>	dlongley: CTI talks about certificate type in the abstract (MBA). In the VCTF work, we're talking about actually getting a credential indicating that you've earned a certificate of this type.
[Tue 11:49:08] <manu>	q+ RichardVarn
[Tue 11:49:08] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: ekorb, manu, manu, RichardVarn
[Tue 11:49:23] <manu>	q+ stone
[Tue 11:49:23] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: ekorb, manu, manu, RichardVarn, stone
[Tue 11:49:44] <Sutton>	q+
[Tue 11:49:44] <voip-vctf>	Sutton has been added to the queue: ekorb, manu, manu, RichardVarn, stone, Sutton
[Tue 11:50:10] <manu>	ack ekorb
[Tue 11:50:10] <voip-vctf>	ekorb has the floor.
[Tue 11:50:58] <bsletten>	erkorb_rm: I echo what Dave has said (we've been collaborating). I'm supportive of the CTI work and the VCTF work. It works to connect them. I support the using the term Credential as a class.
[Tue 11:51:15] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:51:15] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to propose a way forward - ClaimSet).
[Tue 11:51:18] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:51:18] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to suggest Certificates).
[Tue 11:52:21] <stone>	-1 Certificate
[Tue 11:52:39] <bsletten>	Manu: Some communities use the term in the abstract sense (CTI) others use it in the concrete sense (VCTF). There are a couple ways out of this. We have no ability to change what the CTI is doing. One option is no change. We use the term credential. We have a strong definition. We don't change and figure out how to model the CTI work. Option two is change the use 'ClaimSet' which is awkward. Or we use the term 'certificate' for the concrete holding and [CUT]
[Tue 11:52:41] <manu>	ack RichardVarn
[Tue 11:52:41] <voip-vctf>	RichardVarn has the floor.
[Tue 11:52:41] <NateOtto>	-0.5 Certificate
[Tue 11:52:45] <bsletten>	Manu: remains more abstract.
[Tue 11:52:55] <dlongley>	to be clear we would map the CTI "Credential" to "CertificateType" in our VCTF JSON-LD context
[Tue 11:53:17] <ShaneM>	+1 to bagel
[Tue 11:53:22] *	dlongley :)
[Tue 11:53:24] *	manu grins at bagel.
[Tue 11:53:50] <stone>	+1 to sharing bagels
[Tue 11:53:51] <bsletten>	Varn: We're not going to solve this issue. Certificate isn't going go down well with the education space. We're building a standard that will be implemented. We're giving name to those things that will be supported by the standard.
[Tue 11:54:18] <dlongley>	"IdentityCredential" is another thing we've discussed, has both advantages and disadvantages.
[Tue 11:54:22] <NateOtto>	What RichardVarn is describing is essentially the approach taken by Open Badges vs the broader generic term "digital badge"
[Tue 11:54:25] <ShaneM>	vCredential... not terrible
[Tue 11:54:28] <bsletten>	Varn: If we use an augmented form of the term (e.g. vCredential) we can indicate specifically one of our terms.
[Tue 11:54:30] <manu>	ack stone
[Tue 11:54:30] <voip-vctf>	stone has the floor.
[Tue 11:54:39] <manu>	q?
[Tue 11:54:39] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: Sutton
[Tue 11:54:39] <bsletten>	Manu: That is helpful and I can see how it might work.
[Tue 11:55:44] <NateOtto>	+1 to something like "OpenCredential", "vCredential", "IdentityCredential"
[Tue 11:56:03] <manu>	I like the augmented Credential as well...
[Tue 11:56:03] <bsletten>	stone: It is folly for us to overthink what a professional or enduser might use to make their statements. They'll use the language of the vertical they are in (degrees or board certification or resume or cv). It's irrelevant to us what they are going to say about their individual verticals.
[Tue 11:56:16] <dlongley>	q+ to agree with end user but we need to be able to discuss it as technologists
[Tue 11:56:16] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: Sutton, dlongley
[Tue 11:56:17] <bsletten>	sletten: What about iCredential? *ducks*
[Tue 11:56:31] <dlongley>	q-
[Tue 11:56:31] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been removed from the queue: Sutton
[Tue 11:56:35] <burn>	WebCredential
[Tue 11:56:47] <Sutton>	+1 vCredential
[Tue 11:56:47] <dlongley>	i agree that we shouldn't focus on the end user, just want something that makes sense to the community
[Tue 11:56:49] <manu>	ack Sutton 
[Tue 11:56:49] <voip-vctf>	Sutton has the floor.
[Tue 11:56:56] <bsletten>	Manu: We're seeing support for modifying the term.
[Tue 11:57:22] <manu>	We have consensus around NOT using the word certificate! :P
[Tue 11:57:39] <dlongley>	we're already using "IdentityCredential" in some prototypes we've built that use the Credential Management API
[Tue 11:57:57] <bsletten>	Sutton: As a member of this group, I support a modified term and avoid a common term like Certificate.
[Tue 11:58:12] <burn>	I would avoid "vCredential" because some of them will not be verifiable, and it may be confusing to talk about vCredentials and Verifiable vCredentials.  Maybe something like "web credential"?
[Tue 11:58:38] <bsletten>	Manu: I think this modified form would address CTI's concerns with the use of that term.
[Tue 11:58:59] <burn>	I am happy to change it to "X Credential" until we figure out what we want X to be.
[Tue 11:59:09] <erkorb_rm>	VerifiableCredential
[Tue 11:59:19] <manu>	PROPOSAL: Augment the "Credential" terminology in the specification with a modifier like "OpenCredential" or "IdentityCredential" or "VerifiableCredential".
[Tue 11:59:21] <bsletten>	+1
[Tue 11:59:22] <NateOtto>	+1
[Tue 11:59:23] <manu>	+1
[Tue 11:59:23] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:59:24] <ShaneM>	+1
[Tue 11:59:25] <burn>	No, NOT VerifiableCredential
[Tue 11:59:29] <burn>	+1 proposal
[Tue 11:59:31] <dlongley>	+1 to burn
[Tue 11:59:32] <Sutton>	+1
[Tue 11:59:35] <erkorb_rm>	+1
[Tue 11:59:35] *	manu agrees w/ burn.
[Tue 11:59:43] <ShaneM>	I like "vCredential (tm)"
[Tue 11:59:48] <manu>	RESOLVED: Augment the "Credential" terminology in the specification with a modifier like "OpenCredential" or "IdentityCredential" or "VerifiableCredential".
[Tue 11:59:52] <Sutton>	+1 to burn
[Tue 11:59:53] <erkorb_rm>	burn, okay "bagel" then, grins.
[Tue 12:00:02] <stone>	-1 verifiable - it excludes self asserted claims
[Tue 12:00:07] <NateOtto>	Good chat, all. ;)
[Tue 12:00:11] <manu>	Topic: Target Date Web Payments IG Hand-off
[Tue 12:00:28] <burn>	Shane and erkorb, see my reasoning a few lines above as to why v or Verifiable as prefix is problematic in the text of the document.
[Tue 12:00:58] <ShaneM>	burn thanks - I had missed that
[Tue 12:01:03] <bsletten>	Manu: We'll figure out what the modifier is later. We should have a voting package for the WPIG before the meet at the end of June. That gives us a month and a half. It's doable, but we need to make better progress.
[Tue 12:01:54] <voip-vctf>	Stuart Sutton [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000231] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:56] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-00000239] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:57] <voip-vctf>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000232] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:57] <voip-vctf>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000234] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:01] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-0000023f] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:02] <voip-vctf>	Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000022f] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:02:02] <erkorb_rm>	+1 great call
[Tue 12:02:06] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:02:06] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000230], ToddAlbers [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000233], EricKorb [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000235], Rob Trainer [SIP/71.121.234.111-00000236], RichardVarn [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000237], LesChasen [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000023a], AlkaGupta [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000023b], Nate [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000023c], ColleenKennedy [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000023d], Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000023e], 17034304716
[Tue 12:02:06] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/69.65.34.216-00000240], jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000241], jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000242].
[Tue 12:02:08] <stone>	thanks everyone
[Tue 12:02:11] <manu>	present+ trainer, albers, chasen, kennedy, weaver, ezell
