[2018-01-23T17:00:48.018Z]	<kimhd>	AGENDA: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Jan/0067.html
[2018-01-23T17:00:48.018Z]	<kimhd>	scribe: cwebber2
[2018-01-23T17:04:31.484Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: let's review the agenda and then we'll get to introductions and re-introductions
[2018-01-23T17:04:34.513Z]	<kimhd>	AGENDA: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Jan/0067.html
[2018-01-23T17:04:42.611Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: I redid the agenda this morning
[2018-01-23T17:04:59.617Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: quick check-in on current action items and work items
[2018-01-23T17:05:13.124Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: focus of the meeting will be any feedback from open pull requests from DID hardening spec
[2018-01-23T17:05:21.247Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: finally we'll talk about refining some DID hackathon bits
[2018-01-23T17:05:30.477Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: and go through specific notes/questions about BTCR
[2018-01-23T17:05:32.869Z]	<squarfed>	voip: 42a is squarfed
[2018-01-23T17:05:35.845Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: format of DID document, etc
[2018-01-23T17:05:43.888Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: any volunteers for introductions/re-introductions?
[2018-01-23T17:05:52.001Z]	<manu>	Topic: Introduction to Akila
[2018-01-23T17:06:24.346Z]	<cwebber2>	akila: I'm with ConsenSys we're working to build in credentials, have been attending for the last couple months, a few other participants from my team are on the calls
[2018-01-23T17:06:35.584Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: let's move on to announcements
[2018-01-23T17:07:14.943Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: as we mentioned earlier as we went through the work breakdown section, I think last week, we want to try to give more structure to meetings, not just in terms of structure of work items but also will help us when we talk about eg crypto experts etc
[2018-01-23T17:07:27.232Z]	<cwebber2>	Topic: Announcements, Focus for 2018
[2018-01-23T17:07:27.232Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: for now I have announcements about upcoming focuses for the next 11 months
[2018-01-23T17:07:40.078Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: next week we'll have the educational task force present
[2018-01-23T17:07:47.033Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: we've been breaking down issues in a github issue
[2018-01-23T17:08:04.642Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: we have Nate Otto and Kerry Lemoie joining us
[2018-01-23T17:08:08.330Z]	<Kerri_Lemoie>	voip: 429 is Kerri_Lemoie
[2018-01-23T17:08:27.786Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: have been very active in the open badges communities
[2018-01-23T17:08:39.127Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: we'll be having Crypto Tuesdays, starting on first tuesday of the month
[2018-01-23T17:08:57.300Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: and review of digital verification suites, including ld digital suites
[2018-01-23T17:09:06.929Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: on february 13th we'll review Linked Data Capabilities
[2018-01-23T17:09:17.598Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: implementor standup DID post-draft
[2018-01-23T17:09:41.258Z]	<kimhd>	RWOT: https://rwot6.eventbrite.com
[2018-01-23T17:09:55.466Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: next RWoT is March 5-8 in Santa Barbara
[2018-01-23T17:10:05.885Z]	<kimhd>	IIW: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/
[2018-01-23T17:10:06.819Z]	<drummond>	What is the date/time of that "Implementer standup DID post-draft"?
[2018-01-23T17:10:07.504Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: next IIW will be April 1-5th
[2018-01-23T17:10:18.572Z]	<kimhd>	IIW: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/internet-identity-workshop-iiwxxvi-26-2018a-tickets-39785360083
[2018-01-23T17:10:47.612Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: at IIW, April 5-6 we'll have a post-IIW Verifiable Claims face to face
[2018-01-23T17:10:53.784Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-01-23T17:11:17.761Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: basically book your flights for an additional day if you want to be at the F2F meeting... but you need to either clear with chairs if not a w3c member, or be a w3c member
[2018-01-23T17:11:25.450Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Rebooting Web of Trust has a disc golf tournament for those who can come a half day early. Please sign up ASAP to help us make sure we have enough flying discs for everyone. Sign up as an option on your standard RWoT ticket.
[2018-01-23T17:11:44.348Z]	<cwebber2>	drummond: when you say leaving friday, will it bleed over onto friday?
[2018-01-23T17:11:46.337Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: probably
[2018-01-23T17:12:06.600Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: progress on action items, just wanted to see if anyone has an action item they want to report status on, if so add yourself to the queue
[2018-01-23T17:12:10.199Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-01-23T17:12:16.029Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-01-23T17:13:10.710Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: I'm having a hard time seeing... the registries are done and out there, the DID spec is in a fairly good state right now I think... I think we're going to talk about the DID spec in a bit, but just wanted to note that Marcus has an outstanding PR to resolve before we pull it in.  current action item is to get the DID hardening spec changes in there.  Please look at it people, we're going to pull it in soon
[2018-01-23T17:13:19.288Z]	<kimhd>	action item 5a: "W3C-CCG to complete reconciliation of #RebootingWebOfTrust & Hardening changes (All, due end of January)"
[2018-01-23T17:13:38.748Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: so for action item 5a, this one you're referring to, can I update to "the draft is in we need feedback"?
[2018-01-23T17:13:55.389Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: yes, we should probably set a date to pull it in, there's been decent discussion and implementation against
[2018-01-23T17:14:03.343Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: what's a good date... let's see...
[2018-01-23T17:14:04.978Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Great, Drummond. Should be a fun time.
[2018-01-23T17:14:10.382Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: I'd prefer a week, it's been out there for a while
[2018-01-23T17:14:26.465Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: perfect, let's say we need feedback on the DID hardening PR by next week
[2018-01-23T17:14:31.578Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2018-01-23T17:14:31.861Z]	<kimhd>	action: Group needs to provide feedback on DID hardening PR by next week Jan 30
[2018-01-23T17:14:43.809Z]	<kimhd>	PR: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/41
[2018-01-23T17:14:53.669Z]	<kimhd>	ack markus_sabadello
[2018-01-23T17:15:09.206Z]	<cwebber2>	markus_sabadello: should we talk about my PR?
[2018-01-23T17:15:16.978Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: how about during the DID hardening section of the call
[2018-01-23T17:15:20.992Z]	<cwebber2>	markus_sabadello: ack
[2018-01-23T17:15:38.339Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: manu, I'll follow up with you on registry items submission etc... I think there isn't anything pending
[2018-01-23T17:15:44.478Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: I'll take an action to clean up registries
[2018-01-23T17:15:46.042Z]	<kimhd>	action: Kim to clean up registry action items
[2018-01-23T17:15:58.724Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: there is in the current action items the spec text of the registry process needed
[2018-01-23T17:16:06.385Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: needed to move back from the list to the github
[2018-01-23T17:16:13.919Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: can we make that just a separate action item?
[2018-01-23T17:16:20.411Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: there is currently, it's G
[2018-01-23T17:16:26.106Z]	<kimhd>	action: Manu to write up Registry Process spec text still needed
[2018-01-23T17:16:46.840Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: let's move on to status of current work items... we have 3... let's start with the CCG process
[2018-01-23T17:17:18.827Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: I put the first two here as there wasn't really an owner, I mean the registry process I guess the owner is manu as a work item, but we don't have an owner/lead editor for the overall CCG process
[2018-01-23T17:17:25.118Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-01-23T17:17:29.798Z]	<cwebber2>	JoeAndrieu: you can put my name on that one
[2018-01-23T17:17:53.418Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: btw I'm in our next week, I'm editing action items document (?)
[2018-01-23T17:18:05.117Z]	<kimhd>	action: Chairs to assign Joe as owner of CCG process
[2018-01-23T17:18:05.449Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: JoeAndrieu said can assign owner of CCG process?
[2018-01-23T17:18:06.919Z]	<cwebber2>	JoeAndrieu: yes
[2018-01-23T17:18:47.287Z]	<kimhd>	action: Chairs to assign Manu as Registry Process owner
[2018-01-23T17:19:03.066Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: lastly we wanted to check in on Verifiable Claims browser polyfill
[2018-01-23T17:19:22.632Z]	<cwebber2>	dlongley: yes we need to talk to Google's team... no major progress lately or feedback on what people would like to see on query mechanism on issues
[2018-01-23T17:19:32.061Z]	<cwebber2>	dlongley: if you have feedback, please provide it on IRC
[2018-01-23T17:19:38.489Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: thanks dave.. let's move on to DID hardening PR
[2018-01-23T17:19:49.158Z]	<dlongley>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/credential-handler-api/issues
[2018-01-23T17:19:49.801Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: DID Harmonization
[2018-01-23T17:19:49.801Z]	<kimhd>	Hardening PR: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/41
[2018-01-23T17:20:29.512Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: I think that the update to the DID spec wasn't too difficult, reflects what I believe is where we got on nearly everything... some sections I needed to comment out, like delegation, which we haven't figured out yet, and authorization will go into method specific specs
[2018-01-23T17:20:44.858Z]	<manu>	preview link is here: https://pr-preview.s3.amazonaws.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/41.html
[2018-01-23T17:20:54.420Z]	<manu>	diff-marked version is here: https://pr-preview.s3.amazonaws.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/41.html
[2018-01-23T17:20:55.605Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: please look and review and make sure you're happy with it
[2018-01-23T17:21:39.298Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: hopefully not controvercial because it's what everyone has agreed to... markus_sabadello has come up with a useful PR giving updates to some parts of the spec... other than those 2 things if we get that pulled in, we'll be in a good place to nail down more parts of the implementation
[2018-01-23T17:21:48.871Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: one thing to note is people are implementing against the spec now
[2018-01-23T17:21:55.203Z]	<markus_sabadello>	my PR: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/43
[2018-01-23T17:21:58.798Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: thank you... markus_sabadello do you want to talk about your proposed changes?
[2018-01-23T17:22:27.299Z]	<cwebber2>	markus_sabadello: yes like Manu said it's updates about the examples... some examples didn't have the services properties array, so I updated them to have the service array
[2018-01-23T17:22:40.000Z]	<cwebber2>	markus_sabadello: most of the changes fix a lot of simple bugs which were not controvercial
[2018-01-23T17:23:04.185Z]	<cwebber2>	markus_sabadello: I was wondering about what examples for service endpoints... I wonder what examples for openid service, etc... in harmonization were using all sorts of service examples
[2018-01-23T17:23:15.238Z]	<cwebber2>	markus_sabadello: so I ??? without explaining what it was
[2018-01-23T17:23:41.778Z]	<cwebber2>	markus_sabadello: I added a lot of examples of whatever specific examples, including openid auth, social web inbox service
[2018-01-23T17:24:03.011Z]	<cwebber2>	markus_sabadello: and I think all the other changes shoud be non-controvercial
[2018-01-23T17:24:07.680Z]	<cwebber2>	I was wondering about the service types a bit
[2018-01-23T17:24:13.638Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-01-23T17:24:23.600Z]	<cwebber2>	markus_sabadello: in RDF / json-ld the format typically uses UpperCase resource names
[2018-01-23T17:24:45.881Z]	<cwebber2>	markus_sabadello: so some of the recent examples used lower case
[2018-01-23T17:24:52.223Z]	<cwebber2>	markus_sabadello: so that's what I was addressing in there
[2018-01-23T17:25:17.519Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: I see no comments in the queue... from the DID hackathon last week, we were using it and the updates looked great... only feedback we had which we're not proposing to block on was to add more examples
[2018-01-23T17:25:30.306Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-01-23T17:25:31.906Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: that's something that I can take a stab at as we get feedback on BTCR examples as well
[2018-01-23T17:25:37.173Z]	<manu>	+100 to more people doing PRs againstn the spec.
[2018-01-23T17:25:37.888Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: aside from that, it was great
[2018-01-23T17:25:38.004Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-01-23T17:25:57.723Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: I wanted to appreciate the work that markus_sabadello has been putting in to normalize names and etc and do some cleanup on examples
[2018-01-23T17:26:40.918Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2018-01-23T17:27:02.678Z]	<kimhd>	ack drummond
[2018-01-23T17:27:03.420Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: in particular I was looking at endpoint types and etc and ran into something related which we were talking about w/ BTCR... BTCR specifies a particular kind of endpoint.  I wonder if there are other DID methods that are also specifying a specific endpoint or something?  does Veres One have something very, very specific?  does ViewPort, etc?
[2018-01-23T17:27:04.961Z]	<manu>	q+ to say Veres One doesn't have specific endpoints yet... was going to build off of standards.
[2018-01-23T17:27:27.683Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2018-01-23T17:27:33.886Z]	<cwebber2>	drummond: to answer ChristopherA's question, can only speak for Soverin, can't say it'll be required but there will certainly be a standard Sovrin endpoint
[2018-01-23T17:27:50.110Z]	<cwebber2>	drummond: as we complete the Sovrin DID method spec it may turn out it's necessary to control auth, etc
[2018-01-23T17:27:59.745Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-01-23T17:28:04.198Z]	<cwebber2>	drummond: I haven't seen that yet... but it doesn't surprise me... I can only speak for Sovrin and not others
[2018-01-23T17:28:18.378Z]	<ChristopherA>	Christian
[2018-01-23T17:28:40.140Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-01-23T17:28:40.444Z]	<cwebber2>	Lundkvist: speaking for uPort, we'll probably have a backup endpoint, but still being worked on
[2018-01-23T17:28:58.249Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2018-01-23T17:29:02.973Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: Veres One doesn't have a specific endpoint so far, we were trying to point to other specs... nothing Veres One specific
[2018-01-23T17:29:10.251Z]	<kimhd>	ack markus_sabadello
[2018-01-23T17:29:17.442Z]	<manu>	I agree with Markus
[2018-01-23T17:29:26.858Z]	<dlongley>	+1
[2018-01-23T17:29:26.973Z]	<cwebber2>	markus_sabadello: to be honest I'm surprised that some DID methods support/require some service endpoints that others don't
[2018-01-23T17:29:35.647Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-01-23T17:29:37.459Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-01-23T17:31:02.558Z]	<Moses>	Can someone share if there's a DID testnet? We'll start implementing a prototype using DIDs soon.
[2018-01-23T17:31:09.178Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: your concern is exactly one of my feeling weird about the endpoints... in BCTR we have only one 40 byte, sometimes 80 byte field to refer to the DID document.  We're in effect saying that "here is the place to begin to construct the DID document", as in terms of a standard URL it may have more stuff in the static object, or in case of IPFS it may be only one of several things that have to be grabbed.  But it could also be where we put in issuer date, etc as well... I'm confused if we had a very specific BTCR function, but maybe it could also store other verifiable claims that other people could grab
[2018-01-23T17:31:23.539Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: should we specify in a generic way that "here's an endpoint with a static bag"
[2018-01-23T17:31:30.841Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: whether we had two endpoints... etc... it just felt weird
[2018-01-23T17:31:37.753Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: I just wanted to get a feel for what other people were doing
[2018-01-23T17:31:40.161Z]	<kimhd>	ack agropper
[2018-01-23T17:31:45.858Z]	<mike-lodder>	q?
[2018-01-23T17:32:14.298Z]	<cwebber2>	agropper: I like to think in terms of what's public and what will be indexed by various entities and what is not strictly public.  the endpoint that matters to us is the one that points to the authorization server related to that DID
[2018-01-23T17:32:17.329Z]	<rgrant>	IOW, the patch files (often retrieved over IPFS) which are used to create a DID Document by the method handler may also include other verifiable claims and such that are not patched into the DID Document.
[2018-01-23T17:32:37.098Z]	<cwebber2>	agropper: agency that derives the ??? and the other one is the agency that has to ?????? credentials for private information
[2018-01-23T17:32:51.709Z]	<cwebber2>	agropper: I think the issue of an authorization server is fairly general so we might consider it
[2018-01-23T17:32:56.447Z]	<rgrant>	rgrant: above was for markus_sabadello
[2018-01-23T17:33:07.332Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: I think this is all worthy of next draft
[2018-01-23T17:33:11.843Z]	<squarfed>	voip: 438 is squarfed
[2018-01-23T17:33:19.420Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-01-23T17:33:25.308Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: I think that was a good transition to the BTCR topic
[2018-01-23T17:33:34.203Z]	<manu>	+1 to dealing w/ this stuff /after/ we get a stable draft based on harmonization/hardening changes.
[2018-01-23T17:33:40.426Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: reminder that you have a week to get to the outstanding DID spec
[2018-01-23T17:33:48.328Z]	<drummond>	By "next draft", is ChristopherA referring to the next draft of the DID spec or of the BTCR DID Method spec?
[2018-01-23T17:33:49.079Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://hackmd.io/CYI2wVgDgZhBaCA2CAGeAWKSbwIZQDsw+AxgGYTAYCmAnHiuUA==?both
[2018-01-23T17:33:53.358Z]	<cwebber2>	Topic: DID Hackathon Outcomes
[2018-01-23T17:34:00.769Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: we'll start with Veres One then move to BTCR
[2018-01-23T17:34:08.187Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: want to cover anything with Veres One?
[2018-01-23T17:35:08.338Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: so most of the hackathon, unfortunately didn't get as much time we wanted to, we looked at the DID spec to make sure it works, also work on Christopher Webber did on the linked data object capabilities spec, also working on updating the DID client to handle the current DID spec.  nothing bad to report so far, everything seems like it will work out, but we'll learn more as we finalize our implementation
[2018-01-23T17:35:29.040Z]	<drummond>	q+ (to provide a short update about the Sovrin DID method spec progress)
[2018-01-23T17:35:39.549Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-01-23T17:36:01.271Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: to move on to BCTR I think most of what we did was mostly work on the example of the generated DID Document that generated from the combination of transactions... combination of making the output to the latest version from the DID hardening process
[2018-01-23T17:36:13.079Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: we had some thoughts/questions about resolvers
[2018-01-23T17:36:25.184Z]	<kimhd>	ack drummond
[2018-01-23T17:37:03.111Z]	<DavidC>	present +
[2018-01-23T17:37:26.124Z]	<cwebber2>	drummond: very quickly because I have to jump off before the end of the call, we also like everyone else were saying "well now that we have a hardened DID spec we need to work on the Sovrin DID spec... key management is a major piece of what a DID spec method does, so I expect it'll mature a lot over time with a pretty robust set of changes post-?rebooting
[2018-01-23T17:37:35.628Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-01-23T17:37:40.925Z]	<cwebber2>	drummond: we'll also have an update for (DKMS?)
[2018-01-23T17:37:46.426Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-01-23T17:37:48.563Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://hackmd.io/CYI2wVgDgZhBaCA2CAGeAWKSbwIZQDsw+AxgGYTAYCmAnHiuUA==?both
[2018-01-23T17:38:21.898Z]	<rgrant>	cleaner look from this url: https://hackmd.io/CYI2wVgDgZhBaCA2CAGeAWKSbwIZQDsw+AxgGYTAYCmAnHiuUA==?view
[2018-01-23T17:38:31.401Z]	<drummond>	Yes, we'll have an update on both the Sovrin DID method spec and DKMS (Decentralized Key Management System) by Rebooting the Web of Trust the first week of March.
[2018-01-23T17:38:46.099Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: I'll put the URL again... this was the document we were working on.  so one of the things we discovered was we needed to go back... what things were happening, what's the process... if I get a DID document I need to resolve I might have to go to the BTCR specific sub-resolver and it has to do something specific to return back to the app.  So we looked into what happened there... some were BTCR specific and some may be relevant to others
[2018-01-23T17:39:39.761Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: the BTCR resolver has to create an "implicit DID document" solely from the bitcoin blockchain data which may not be everything.  If people want to know some extra values there we have an audit trail tag.  one thing the BTCR method does is go to the BTCR endpoint to get the first json type DID document.  So what it's going to do is go there
[2018-01-23T17:40:25.773Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: there's a sub-note here in that the ID, the BTCR number, may not actually be in that DID document because it may be an immutable filename by a content hash.  There's a catch-22 in that there's some information we can't put in there.  So the BTCR endpoint has to construct the id when it's creating the final DID document back to the app
[2018-01-23T17:41:52.618Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-01-23T17:41:55.908Z]	<rgrant>	Stated more narrowly: the DID "ID" may not be in the pre-compliant patch used by the method resolver to construct a fully compliant DID Docuemnt (diddo), which will by then actually have the "ID", and other known values.
[2018-01-23T17:41:59.150Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: so the next thing the DID resolver does is validate that the json-ld document is valid.  If it's ??? it's implicitly part of the graph because it's signed by bitcoin.  Bitcoin has the public key, the hash, we don't have to it again.  If the BTCR thing has to call it again we may have to do it again.  This raises the question, is there a standard way to refer to the bottom-most key in a DID.  Finally the resolver grabs and resolves known DID documents into the final DID document value, but we explicitly say you cannot overwrite the DID value, it's addative only
[2018-01-23T17:42:35.486Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: if there are other json-ld values we don't know about, such as somebody else may be referring to the same DID document, since IDs are constructed by the resolver and Etherium could sign it, maybe they both point to the same value
[2018-01-23T17:42:47.886Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: because of IPFS we may have to pass in additional DID document material
[2018-01-23T17:43:00.988Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: that part the resolver ignores and we return the final DID docuemnt
[2018-01-23T17:43:07.211Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: we have an example of what it did
[2018-01-23T17:43:11.652Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: we have a json structure in there
[2018-01-23T17:43:14.587Z]	<rgrant>	q+ a question came up about the status of the "update" section of a diddo.  Updates are necessary, as the DID spec makes clear, but are any fields necessary to describe the capability?
[2018-01-23T17:43:20.229Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: one of the things we had was a resolver-specific envelope
[2018-01-23T17:43:27.318Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2018-01-23T17:43:38.510Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: the resolver can do satoshi-audit-trail, say what the resolver did to resolve the DID document, etc
[2018-01-23T17:44:01.946Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: then we have the public key which comes from the bitcoin transaction, by default the transaction is only that id, we refer to the service audit etc
[2018-01-23T17:44:13.830Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: we refer to the Satoshi id as the ??
[2018-01-23T17:44:26.604Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: this raised some questions, why would an app need to know about updates
[2018-01-23T17:44:35.447Z]	<rgrant>	SatoshiAuditTrail
[2018-01-23T17:44:35.923Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: the DID resolver has to see if there are updates etc
[2018-01-23T17:44:43.518Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: it will keep on doing that until it has the proper DDO
[2018-01-23T17:44:49.410Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: why would an app ever need that
[2018-01-23T17:45:04.238Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: if it is going through old DDOs to get to the current DDO, is this an audit trail, what layer is it happening, etc
[2018-01-23T17:45:10.487Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: our other big open question is the timestamp
[2018-01-23T17:45:21.502Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: a bunch of other things timestamped by the bitcoin transaction
[2018-01-23T17:45:29.945Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: not a bunch of timestamps on the DID document as a whole
[2018-01-23T17:45:56.138Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: btw because it's constructed there's no ??? as a DID ?? as a whole, relying on the resolver to assume it's correct
[2018-01-23T17:46:05.624Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: since it's not the issuer it can't sign the DID document as a whole
[2018-01-23T17:46:09.529Z]	<kimhd>	no signature on the DID as a whole ^^
[2018-01-23T17:46:15.225Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: we have some ideas a document extensions
[2018-01-23T17:46:23.160Z]	<markus_sabadello>	do you have a pointer to your resolver implementation ?
[2018-01-23T17:46:25.898Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: with other BTCR documents, we're ignoring those
[2018-01-23T17:46:35.138Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: that's the summary of our thought process
[2018-01-23T17:46:38.948Z]	<rgrant>	cwebber2: there's no owner signature enveloping the whole returned DID Document (diddo)
[2018-01-23T17:46:41.405Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: did we miss something, do something wrong
[2018-01-23T17:46:48.602Z]	<drummond>	Sorry, must leave early today. Will make sure that Evernym and Sovrin folks provide input on DID draft this week.
[2018-01-23T17:46:56.212Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-01-23T17:46:59.880Z]	<kimhd>	ack rgrant
[2018-01-23T17:47:01.841Z]	<manu>	q+ to mention concerns around service, update, and SatoshiAuditTrail
[2018-01-23T17:47:02.669Z]	<cwebber2>	rgrant: I put myself on the queue before ChristopherA got to the updates
[2018-01-23T17:47:16.202Z]	<cwebber2>	rgrant: for people familiar with the DID hardening spec and status of the update field, what's going on there
[2018-01-23T17:47:38.562Z]	<kimhd>	ack markus_sabadello
[2018-01-23T17:47:41.451Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: Marcus is next, I noticed your question on irc... we're just talking through the steps of what we would expect a resolver to do... I'm looking forward to hearing your feedback
[2018-01-23T17:47:47.147Z]	<drummond>	What's the "update field"?
[2018-01-23T17:48:41.328Z]	<kimhd>	@drummond it's the transaction output, which, if spent, says go to the next tx in the chain to find updates
[2018-01-23T17:48:47.864Z]	<cwebber2>	markus_sabadello: I did some earlier work on BTCR... what we've been calling ??? we've been calling drivers(??), what you've been calling ??? we've bene calling envelope?
[2018-01-23T17:49:39.942Z]	<cwebber2>	markus_sabadello: I think this would be metadata, on the envelope, rather than being on the service endpoint, method specific, not really an endpoint one would interact with, metadata of the resolution process rather than ending up in the final DID document.  other than that I think the link you posted with the resolution steps is super helpful
[2018-01-23T17:49:56.838Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: one point before I move to the next person on the queue
[2018-01-23T17:50:04.758Z]	<rgrant>	q+ to respond to markus
[2018-01-23T17:50:08.906Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-01-23T17:50:39.107Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: just wanted to provide thoughts to the markup... the first thing I think ChristopherA pointed out was that the BTCR endpoint might be able to be moved to signature / audit trail in some way
[2018-01-23T17:51:17.839Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-01-23T17:51:19.699Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: we've been calling this... based on the last RWoT we had request from u-port / evernym folks to not put that in there, say that's DID method specifc, so that could be specified by the BTCR method in the spec
[2018-01-23T17:51:50.067Z]	<rgrant>	q+ proposal that BTCR would still be compliant without the diddo including the "update" section
[2018-01-23T17:51:55.010Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: one of my open questions is... the DID document you give an app which says "please resolve this DID", should the app ever give the authorization things?  that's for something else, that's for determining whether the DID was authorized, and it is or isn't
[2018-01-23T17:52:02.191Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: it almost feels like two different things here
[2018-01-23T17:52:06.297Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-01-23T17:52:11.103Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: I may be missing a nuance
[2018-01-23T17:52:16.898Z]	<kimhd>	ack rgrant
[2018-01-23T17:52:42.483Z]	<cwebber2>	rgrant: markus_sabadello, the idea of the BTCR endpoint, it's not a required endpoint but it's something that will probably be available because of the way the DID documents are ???
[2018-01-23T17:53:22.841Z]	<cwebber2>	rgrant: ie it means if finding something through IPFS it would be this is the URL you can go to in IPFS to collect some other verifiable claims that a BTCR method resolver would be very good at parsing through and perhaps other clients would be able to read, but it's not a required thing
[2018-01-23T17:53:29.498Z]	<cwebber2>	rgrant: does that sound like a good use of a service now?
[2018-01-23T17:53:39.313Z]	<cwebber2>	markus_sabadello: sounds more like a service now that you've described it
[2018-01-23T17:53:55.571Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-01-23T17:53:57.069Z]	<cwebber2>	markus_sabadello: it's a service endpoint in the DID document, it's metadata... in the envelope rather.. I'm undecided
[2018-01-23T17:54:08.858Z]	<cwebber2>	rgrant: my understanding is the purpose, one of the 3 main purposes, is to retreturn services
[2018-01-23T17:54:21.558Z]	<cwebber2>	rgrant: is that wrong?
[2018-01-23T17:54:27.723Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack rgrant
[2018-01-23T17:54:27.758Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-01-23T17:54:35.006Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-01-23T17:54:45.317Z]	<DavidC>	q+
[2018-01-23T17:55:44.483Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: other way to approach this, redefine a service, a static json-ld service with json-ld objects, and if one of those json-ld documents is a DID document, others should probably just ignore it.  can define a static endpoint which points to a single file or single json object, some bag (?) from which BTCR uses it to get (???) but others can use it to find what to put in that bag
[2018-01-23T17:55:54.219Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: so the spec for that bag may store some method-specific things in here as well
[2018-01-23T17:55:55.945Z]	<kimhd>	ack DavidC
[2018-01-23T17:56:38.922Z]	<cwebber2>	DavidC: this is not on the current agenda, on previous agenda, but unfortunately I missed it... there was an item on the agenda for me to review the current spec w/r/t lifecycle, so I sent outt an email listing what I thought was missing from current DID document
[2018-01-23T17:56:53.364Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-01-23T17:56:55.288Z]	<cwebber2>	DavidC: what should I do?  I didn't do it initially because I was looking for feedback before PRs
[2018-01-23T17:57:11.818Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-01-23T17:58:08.463Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: I think it's up to you if there's a pull request or an issue... a number of them felt like whether you had some questions about it, or even whether you had your own questions about it, which may be seaparate issues.  I don't think anyone's going to complain about it, can make specific PR requests about it.  Manu, as the editor of the current DID document, does that make sense?
[2018-01-23T17:58:24.373Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: I missed a lot of what you said, let me read and I'll respond on IRC
[2018-01-23T17:58:34.766Z]	<manu>	Yes, that makes sense... do some PRs
[2018-01-23T17:58:36.988Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: ok!  back to BTCR hackathon observations
[2018-01-23T17:58:46.252Z]	<manu>	We can sort it out in an issue or the PR
[2018-01-23T17:59:06.790Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: are any other methods having to reconstruct the DID Document in some way?  Does viewport have to do that where it's in fact in various pieces and then constructed?
[2018-01-23T17:59:08.539Z]	<manu>	I suggest folks don't let the spec slow them down as long as there is a solid plan for interoperability via a PR at some point in the near future.
[2018-01-23T17:59:11.927Z]	<kimhd>	this is Christian_Lundkvist speaking
[2018-01-23T18:00:19.678Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-01-23T18:00:23.699Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2018-01-23T18:00:32.598Z]	<cwebber2>	Lundkvist: we had same issue with DID document, where DID object is the object's hash, so that document can't be the final DID document because it contains the id which has the hash of the document... same issue ChristopherA described.  I think we've been thinking of doing the same thing where DID document does not produce the same document, it's up to resolver to make sure everything is valid
[2018-01-23T18:00:42.702Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: I think action items for next week is to make sure DID resolver document is valid
[2018-01-23T18:00:48.230Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: we'll find the right way to follow up
[2018-01-23T18:00:52.672Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: we have two people on the queue
[2018-01-23T18:00:55.373Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-01-23T18:01:40.332Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: I just have an open question for manu / dlongley ... we have this json DID object which some pieces are timestamped, some of them are provably timestamped... some aren't... some are signed in one way some are signed in another way... how do we refer... how do we do that in json-ld?
[2018-01-23T18:02:08.878Z]	<manu>	q+ to note that proofs and signatures can be signed and chained.... will need a new signature scheme for partial signatures.
[2018-01-23T18:02:41.539Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: the time signatures spec was for the object as a whole, so are most of the other signature things... how do we do when "this value, this value, and this value we signed by the eterium blockchain, this value and this value were signed by this key which we got from the blockchain but isn't signed on the blockchain, this and this are implied from data we got elsewhere..." how much of that do we actually have to put in?
[2018-01-23T18:03:01.198Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: seems like the resolver / driver needs to do some, how much of it has to be delivered to the app?  I'm not sure they're the same
[2018-01-23T18:03:02.393Z]	<kimhd>	ack markus_sabadello
[2018-01-23T18:03:08.417Z]	<dlongley>	it may be as simple as the resolver signing and saying it did all those checks -- it's only important to try and represent all of that data if someone else can do the same checks
[2018-01-23T18:03:15.283Z]	<cwebber2>	ChristopherA: we don't need an answer now just would like you to think / give thoughts
[2018-01-23T18:03:27.570Z]	<cwebber2>	markus_sabadello: wasn't too important and we're at time
[2018-01-23T18:03:30.600Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2018-01-23T18:04:37.906Z]	<dlongley>	could be done by specifying a JSON-LD frame in the signature data, but like manu said, can get messy/hard to understand.
[2018-01-23T18:04:40.004Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: just quick ChristopherA, the short answer is we can do whole object signatures, set signatures, chain signatures, as long as it's the whole object.  We can do different signatures today.  Doing the cherry picking signatures, that requires a new mechanism, we've avoided it because it really complicates situations and creates possibiltiy of security vulnerabilities where developers assume the object is signed where it may not be signed at all.  I'm very hesitant, we've done that before for http signatures, but it's kind of a landmine when you do that
[2018-01-23T18:04:46.482Z]	<cwebber2>	manu: short thoughts, we can discuss more later
[2018-01-23T18:05:23.124Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: we'll follow up on that... we can have an audit trail to check that, but I agree once it's in there there's an issue where there's an expectation that it's fine.  I'll follow up with BTCR folks to see what they think
[2018-01-23T18:05:30.549Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: questions around resolver, specific schemas
[2018-01-23T18:05:33.078Z]	<cwebber2>	kimhd: thanks all
[2018-01-23T18:05:33.078Z]	<manu>	present+ sporny, longley, chadwick, tallted, lehn, moses, gropper, andrieu, kimhd, grant, webber, akila, sabadello, lemoie, squarfed
