[2019-02-12T16:58:53.518Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2019-02-12T17:00:09.128Z]	<Vaughan>	present+
[2019-02-12T17:00:16.083Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2019-02-12T17:00:52.164Z]	<drabiv>	present+
[2019-02-12T17:01:04.230Z]	<kimhd>	sorry, having problems connecting on sip, trying voice
[2019-02-12T17:01:08.389Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2019-02-12T17:01:18.885Z]	<kimhd>	well darn, can't dial in either; busy signal :)
[2019-02-12T17:01:25.485Z]	<kimhd>	I'll keep trying sip
[2019-02-12T17:01:29.498Z]	<brent>	present+ Brent_Zundel
[2019-02-12T17:01:45.352Z]	<mike-lodder>	present+ mike-lodder
[2019-02-12T17:02:02.930Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	I'm having dialin issues too
[2019-02-12T17:02:08.587Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2019-02-12T17:02:09.749Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+ Markus_Sabadello
[2019-02-12T17:02:10.645Z]	<agropper>	present+
[2019-02-12T17:02:11.951Z]	<Justin_R>	present+
[2019-02-12T17:02:13.537Z]	<brent>	scribenick: brent
[2019-02-12T17:02:17.148Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Third time the charm
[2019-02-12T17:02:24.105Z]	<TallTed>	1000 blessings on Kim for formatting the agenda in plaintext (so it's readable/usable via the archives link)
[2019-02-12T17:02:26.288Z]	<Will>	present+
[2019-02-12T17:03:01.812Z]	<ken_>	present+ Ken_Ebert
[2019-02-12T17:03:02.187Z]	<kimhd>	pipe up if you can't connect
[2019-02-12T17:04:04.608Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: 06ad is bigbluehat
[2019-02-12T17:04:20.617Z]	<ken_>	I connected by phone
[2019-02-12T17:04:39.708Z]	<bigbluehat>	present+ Benjamin_Young
[2019-02-12T17:04:46.919Z]	<jonnycrunch>	present+
[2019-02-12T17:04:50.958Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+ ChristopherA
[2019-02-12T17:05:03.589Z]	<achughes>	present+
[2019-02-12T17:05:19.537Z]	<kimhd>	Is anyone on IRC having problems connecting?
[2019-02-12T17:05:26.697Z]	<mike-lodder>	no problems using SIP
[2019-02-12T17:05:36.226Z]	<JeffO-StL>	Phone no prob - long ago rarely
[2019-02-12T17:05:45.468Z]	<jonnycrunch>	I'm on the phone just fine today using skype, but in the past i have had issues
[2019-02-12T17:06:17.745Z]	<brent>	I'll scribe
[2019-02-12T17:06:18.666Z]	<kimhd>	scribe: brent
[2019-02-12T17:06:25.394Z]	<jonnycrunch>	voip:  6ae is jonnycrunch
[2019-02-12T17:06:55.520Z]	<jonnycrunch>	voip: 6ae is jonnycrunch
[2019-02-12T17:07:02.779Z]	<manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Feb/0017.html
[2019-02-12T17:07:54.848Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/meetings/
[2019-02-12T17:08:00.006Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2019-02-12T17:08:10.519Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2019-02-12T17:08:20.825Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-02-12T17:08:46.258Z]	<manu>	q+ hmms
[2019-02-12T17:08:49.030Z]	<manu>	q-
[2019-02-12T17:08:59.988Z]	<manu>	q- hmms
[2019-02-12T17:10:03.775Z]	<manu>	Topic: Introductions
[2019-02-12T17:10:17.067Z]	<brent>	Will: I'm new, first time properly on the call
[2019-02-12T17:10:40.633Z]	<brent>	... managed to get in this time
[2019-02-12T17:10:58.867Z]	<brent>	... researching at Edinburgh, privacy preserving crypto
[2019-02-12T17:11:06.056Z]	<brent>	... hope to be at RWoT
[2019-02-12T17:11:13.057Z]	<Yancy>	present+
[2019-02-12T17:11:17.846Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2019-02-12T17:11:59.138Z]	<brent>	kimhd: for re-introductions, Dave Longley
[2019-02-12T17:12:25.199Z]	<brent>	dlongley: I'm the CTO of Digital Bazaar, we focus on blockchain tech, DIDs, etc
[2019-02-12T17:12:37.891Z]	<brent>	Topic: announcements
[2019-02-12T17:12:45.569Z]	<kimhd>	http://rwot8.eventbrite.com
[2019-02-12T17:12:46.408Z]	<brent>	kimhd: RWoT in Barcelona
[2019-02-12T17:13:08.176Z]	<achughes>	q+ to give attendee info
[2019-02-12T17:13:14.366Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c/verifiable-claims/tree/master/f2f/2019-03-Barcelona
[2019-02-12T17:13:18.171Z]	<brent>	... register soon, early bird discount is over, but you can still get a topic paper discount
[2019-02-12T17:13:22.895Z]	<kimhd>	ack achughes
[2019-02-12T17:13:48.629Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to mention price change 2/22
[2019-02-12T17:13:49.776Z]	<brent>	achughes: please register soon if you haven't yet, and please submit papers
[2019-02-12T17:14:13.707Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-02-12T17:14:41.590Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: want to mention we are past the paper deadline, so get it in. Also, the last day is the 22nd to register before on-site pricing kicks in
[2019-02-12T17:14:44.221Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.internetidentityworkshop.com
[2019-02-12T17:14:52.976Z]	<brent>	kimhd: IIW is in May
[2019-02-12T17:14:58.867Z]	<brent>	Topic: Action Items
[2019-02-12T17:15:03.369Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2019-02-12T17:15:11.229Z]	<ChristopherA>	The #RebootingWebOfTrust topic papers are listed at https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot8-barcelona
[2019-02-12T17:15:21.327Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ about #57
[2019-02-12T17:15:43.267Z]	<dmitriz>	q+
[2019-02-12T17:15:55.191Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-02-12T17:15:56.827Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/168
[2019-02-12T17:15:57.947Z]	<brent>	kimhd: updating ABNF for DIDs, that was originally the topic for today, but we are talking about  something else.
[2019-02-12T17:16:16.767Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: Dmitry just submitted a PR that everyone should look at
[2019-02-12T17:16:35.051Z]	<kimhd>	ack dmitriz
[2019-02-12T17:17:03.736Z]	<brent>	dmitriz: please take a look, we will be adding some more, but we wanted to clarify the confusion between the DID and the DID reference
[2019-02-12T17:17:32.087Z]	<brent>	kimhd: action item for all: review that PR
[2019-02-12T17:18:27.238Z]	<brent>	manu: we have a crypto suite registry that the community manages, I will type something up now
[2019-02-12T17:18:33.329Z]	<jonnycrunch>	?link to LD crypto suite
[2019-02-12T17:18:35.920Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/44
[2019-02-12T17:18:46.074Z]	<brent>	kimhd: address request for clarity and privacy claims for DIDs
[2019-02-12T17:19:07.247Z]	<brent>	... the problem here is that the people who were to be assigned were not taggable, but are now
[2019-02-12T17:19:32.435Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-02-12T17:19:38.326Z]	<brent>	... the issue is that we claim that DIDs reduce correlatability, but haven't done a lot to talk about that
[2019-02-12T17:19:55.471Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/43
[2019-02-12T17:19:59.048Z]	<brent>	... Ryan and Lionel are not here, so no updates on the next one either
[2019-02-12T17:20:09.740Z]	<brent>	... we'll get to that next week
[2019-02-12T17:20:29.476Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/18
[2019-02-12T17:20:53.367Z]	<brent>	... next JWK cryptosuite implementation, action item for uPort.
[2019-02-12T17:21:27.552Z]	<manu>	q+ to chime in
[2019-02-12T17:21:31.267Z]	<brent>	... we wanted someone from uPort to show how to express a JWT with the JWK cryptosuite.
[2019-02-12T17:22:01.931Z]	<kimhd>	I'm going to try to switch to audio
[2019-02-12T17:22:07.139Z]	<kimhd>	i mean voice
[2019-02-12T17:22:45.310Z]	<brent>	ChristopherA: I'm not seeing examples of JWTs in DID method specs, could we take this to the next level ?
[2019-02-12T17:22:55.430Z]	<brent>	... what are we missing to take this to the next level?
[2019-02-12T17:23:19.787Z]	<brent>	manu: the way uPort has approached this is as a wrapper around the information than as a proof format.
[2019-02-12T17:24:09.316Z]	<brent>	... we added RSA2018 signatures in the hopes this would be what they use, but instead they wrap the VC ir DID doc and shove the whole thing in a JWT, rather than using a proof format.
[2019-02-12T17:24:34.327Z]	<brent>	... looks like there's a path forward to using ld proofs with zkps, bitcoin, proof of work
[2019-02-12T17:25:10.756Z]	<brent>	... it is up to the users of JWTs to determine how they will use it in their specs
[2019-02-12T17:25:24.228Z]	<brent>	kimhd: I am back, let me know if connection is better this time
[2019-02-12T17:25:42.027Z]	<brent>	... action items need some owners
[2019-02-12T17:26:00.787Z]	<brent>	... does anyone have proposals for who can drive the work?
[2019-02-12T17:26:22.374Z]	<brent>	manu: Oliver has done a great job of engaging. Not volunteering him, but he would be great.
[2019-02-12T17:26:56.957Z]	<manu>	Topic: Use Cases
[2019-02-12T17:26:58.152Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-use-cases/
[2019-02-12T17:27:05.367Z]	<jonnycrunch>	sound like a loose mic cable
[2019-02-12T17:27:06.647Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-use-cases
[2019-02-12T17:27:22.854Z]	<kimhd>	Turning over to Joe to run the rest of the meeting. None of my connections are working
[2019-02-12T17:27:28.956Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: on to use cases. Thanks to Manu and Amy for their work in cleaning this up
[2019-02-12T17:27:59.971Z]	<brent>	... want to introduce the document then spend time going through the 15 features.
[2019-02-12T17:28:45.847Z]	<brent>	... there are 5 use cases, 4 of which I like. Really want to keep the total to 5. Want readers to get a sense of what we're talking about.
[2019-02-12T17:29:31.851Z]	<brent>	... one of the things we have bumped into in VCWG: are all of our requirements addressed in the use cases
[2019-02-12T17:30:06.166Z]	<brent>	... prepping DID Explainer has contributed here. Start with feature benefit grid, describe the features, and then a coverage grid.
[2019-02-12T17:30:17.334Z]	<Justin_R>	q+ on use cases
[2019-02-12T17:30:20.901Z]	<brent>	... some of them, I was generous on where they were mentioned.
[2019-02-12T17:30:30.151Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2019-02-12T17:30:42.887Z]	<brent>	... Every use case doesn't need all features
[2019-02-12T17:30:49.267Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: What does “sustainability” mean?
[2019-02-12T17:31:12.186Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-02-12T17:31:14.907Z]	<manu>	q+ to mention why we're doing this now, in case people didn't see the email.
[2019-02-12T17:31:39.086Z]	<brent>	... notion on each of these benefits for anti-censorship: can't be shut down, i.e. for whistleblower, teenager
[2019-02-12T17:31:47.747Z]	<mike-lodder>	q+
[2019-02-12T17:31:54.634Z]	<brent>	... anti-exploitation:  prevent surveillance capitalism
[2019-02-12T17:32:36.586Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: OK - I’ll think about possible alternative lablels
[2019-02-12T17:32:38.368Z]	<brent>	... sustainability: no vendor lock in
[2019-02-12T17:32:43.467Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ to (at end of list) add higher level value of support of modern crypto
[2019-02-12T17:32:57.047Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-02-12T17:33:07.727Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: yes - thanks - because ‘sustainability’ evokes renewable/cost efficiency etc - which is part
[2019-02-12T17:33:08.577Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: All of this language is new, so we'd like editing
[2019-02-12T17:33:13.659Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-02-12T17:33:17.874Z]	<brent>	... Going to the queue
[2019-02-12T17:33:18.555Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack Justin_R
[2019-02-12T17:33:35.049Z]	<jonnycrunch>	q+ for participation requirements
[2019-02-12T17:34:14.919Z]	<brent>	Justin_R: I'm not familiar with the W3C use case documents, but from an outsider perspective, this reads like a set of solutions without stated problems. Adding requirements may help.
[2019-02-12T17:34:26.973Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: good feeback
[2019-02-12T17:34:27.073Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-02-12T17:34:59.291Z]	<brent>	manu: want to do some level setting. why are we focusing on this? the DID charter proposal went to advisory review. w
[2019-02-12T17:35:02.272Z]	<heathervescent>	+1 Justin. This does not tell the bigger story, it gets into the technical weeds,
[2019-02-12T17:35:17.593Z]	<brent>	... we gave them a heads up, but the use case doc was an old, unedited google doc.
[2019-02-12T17:35:37.760Z]	<brent>	... they want a ReSpec doc of use cases with some more polish.
[2019-02-12T17:36:18.467Z]	<Justin_R>	to be clear, it's more that the document doesn't tell me what problems it's addressing so I don't know if I care about the solutions.
[2019-02-12T17:36:22.779Z]	<brent>	... not sure if leading with the requirements will be the best. Perhaps following the VC use cases approach could work.
[2019-02-12T17:37:03.096Z]	<heathervescent>	Also, I feel like all the work on the other use case document was pointless. I don't see any of that work reflected in this document. Which was my main concern when we spent all that time way back then doing those. Why did we bother doing all those if they don't funnel into here?
[2019-02-12T17:37:07.548Z]	<brent>	... DIDs are challenging to talk about. Feedback is that use cases haven't been helpful in leading to understanding.
[2019-02-12T17:37:13.420Z]	<TallTed>	challenge (problem), solution (DID), application of solution (use case scenario)
[2019-02-12T17:37:21.052Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-02-12T17:37:26.195Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack mike-lodder
[2019-02-12T17:37:33.374Z]	<heathervescent>	I was promised that back then, those use cases would not be for naught, but it seems that this has happened.
[2019-02-12T17:38:29.139Z]	<brent>	mike-lodder: talking about cencorship and use cases, we could talk about how in some countries it is not legal to access certain types of data, e.g. GDPR. It may make sense for the DID to split based on what it has access to. Cencorship may not always be a negative.
[2019-02-12T17:38:41.437Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-02-12T17:38:48.896Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: interesting idea, probably at a different layer than DIDs
[2019-02-12T17:39:05.332Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-02-12T17:39:06.840Z]	<manu>	q+ to mention "anti-censor", "anti-exploitation" vs. "Resistant to Censorship", "Privacy Enhancing", "Sustainable" -- focus on business use cases.
[2019-02-12T17:39:08.720Z]	<brent>	mike-lodder: data access control, services could use cencorship
[2019-02-12T17:39:11.447Z]	<drabiv>	q+ DIDs for long-term, high stakes cooperation
[2019-02-12T17:39:15.654Z]	<jonnycrunch>	voip: 6b7 is jonnycrunch
[2019-02-12T17:39:55.060Z]	<brent>	ChristopherA: two comments: one of the benefits of this area is there are cryptographic problems such as selective disclosure etc. that haven't been realized yet.
[2019-02-12T17:40:50.300Z]	<brent>	... to the larger question, I want to go even further in reducing use cases. The long-term educational claims use case where you could have claims where keys and parties may change over time, but the signatures don't change, even after 30 years.
[2019-02-12T17:41:36.749Z]	<brent>	... another one: the travel one, crossing borders (we talked about this at TPAC) different parties have different authority over different parts of travel.
[2019-02-12T17:42:02.992Z]	<brent>	... all these different identifier block this in different ways. DIDs help unblock this.
[2019-02-12T17:43:06.120Z]	<brent>	... less is more. The use cases are interesting, but we should lead with what is driving adoption now.
[2019-02-12T17:43:27.919Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: one challenge with these use cases is that they bleed into VC use cases.
[2019-02-12T17:43:41.272Z]	<dlongley>	sounds like "using a Verifiable Credential" is a use case itself
[2019-02-12T17:43:47.007Z]	<brent>	... enabled by a DID, but more focused on VCs.
[2019-02-12T17:43:51.437Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-02-12T17:43:58.367Z]	<brent>	... we need to point out what DIDs uniquely make possible
[2019-02-12T17:43:59.098Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack jonnycrunch
[2019-02-12T17:44:01.793Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2019-02-12T17:44:18.727Z]	<brent>	jonnycrunch: my issue isn't with use cases, but with the charter.
[2019-02-12T17:44:37.927Z]	<brent>	... Is DID specific to W3C community, action items, or credo?
[2019-02-12T17:45:04.847Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-02-12T17:45:07.827Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-02-12T17:45:21.716Z]	<brent>	... so much of the DID happens in the realm of data democritization and self-sovreignty. Concerned that the W3C will end up being a members only club.
[2019-02-12T17:45:41.855Z]	<brent>	manu: you raise a good point, we need to address that as the WG takes form.
[2019-02-12T17:45:53.491Z]	<dlongley>	protect
[2019-02-12T17:45:59.473Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1 to positive language
[2019-02-12T17:46:19.226Z]	<brent>	... back to use cases, the language should be more positive, e.g. censorhip-resistant over anti-cencorship.
[2019-02-12T17:46:48.159Z]	<brent>	... want to underscore what Chris said. When we talk about DID use cases we go high level, these are verifiable credentials.
[2019-02-12T17:47:30.547Z]	<brent>	... the W3C AC is very well versed in focused charters. Hard for them to link how this new identifier enables the high level use cases.
[2019-02-12T17:47:54.938Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to talk about something like task-based use case / capabilities
[2019-02-12T17:47:58.627Z]	<brent>	... need some glue in there now, otherwise it won't go well with AC.
[2019-02-12T17:48:17.567Z]	<brent>	... need to focus on use cases that only DID specific
[2019-02-12T17:48:45.878Z]	<brent>	... have an identifier with cryptographic control, service discovery, and auditability of key rotations.
[2019-02-12T17:48:57.369Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-02-12T17:49:04.927Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack drabiv
[2019-02-12T17:49:05.032Z]	<brent>	... this will help the AC focus on that DIDs enable that other things don't
[2019-02-12T17:49:48.290Z]	<brent>	drabiv: want to draw attention to longevity of DIDs. What differentiates DIDs from other identifiers is lifelong characteristic of DIDs.
[2019-02-12T17:50:51.867Z]	<brent>	... high stakes cooperation. Democracy, decentralized government. Should have a use case for high-stakes long term cooperation.
[2019-02-12T17:51:26.187Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: one thing that would greatly improve that use case is if the description outlines what actions the individuals would take.
[2019-02-12T17:51:41.269Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-02-12T17:51:43.109Z]	<kimhd>	I'm having a hard time reconciling the feedback when I look at the EDU use case. On the one hand, I'm hearing the use cases are too technical; on the other I'm hearing they doesn't spell out the details enough. It would be helpful to discuss specifics of 1 use case
[2019-02-12T17:51:46.439Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack agropper
[2019-02-12T17:51:46.518Z]	<brent>	... the individual interactions that drive the scenario would be useful
[2019-02-12T17:52:12.252Z]	<brent>	agropper: I think the very important reason to do the use cases, is the business case for self-sovereign identity.
[2019-02-12T17:52:37.627Z]	<brent>	... the adoption model should answer the question: what should the issuer, holder and verifier have to do about DIDs.
[2019-02-12T17:52:50.617Z]	<kimhd>	here's a different angle: of the use cases, which one is closest to a "good" one by AC standards. What is it lacking to make it better?
[2019-02-12T17:53:04.634Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-02-12T17:53:05.839Z]	<brent>	... if we focus the use cases on service discover etc. we will miss the business case.
[2019-02-12T17:53:08.260Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-02-12T17:53:42.794Z]	<manu>	https://w3c.github.io/vc-use-cases/
[2019-02-12T17:53:55.297Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: one of the things we have in the VC use cases document. We have the mechanistic use cases about what the individual entity can do, not the high level narrative.
[2019-02-12T17:54:05.035Z]	<manu>	We called them User Roles, User Needs, and User Tasks... I think it was very useful.
[2019-02-12T17:54:13.176Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-02-12T17:54:15.937Z]	<brent>	... I think the pattern we have in the other document is useful: problem domain and solution domain
[2019-02-12T17:54:37.067Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-02-12T17:54:51.327Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: we have these 15 features, tried to break them down into what they provide as key benefits
[2019-02-12T17:55:06.392Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-02-12T17:55:07.989Z]	<brent>	... sensitive to need to phrase them more positively, but is anything missing?
[2019-02-12T17:55:56.915Z]	<brent>	ChristopherA: keep on coming back to future proofing. Use of identifiers in the past hasn't addressed this problem.
[2019-02-12T17:56:06.641Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2019-02-12T17:56:37.068Z]	<brent>	... this isn't acceptable today. We're enabling new methods of support for longevity and future proofing.
[2019-02-12T17:56:41.769Z]	<agropper>	+1 to logevity as reason for SSI
[2019-02-12T17:56:51.067Z]	<brent>	... this is an essential core value proposition
[2019-02-12T17:56:51.552Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-02-12T17:56:54.619Z]	<Justin_R>	honest back-channel question, doesn't this just move the assumptions on longevity to the resolution side?
[2019-02-12T17:57:19.487Z]	<Justin_R>	which is the real problem with all legacy identifier systems too, when you get down to it
[2019-02-12T17:57:30.349Z]	<kimhd>	I like the problem domain / solution domain idea; I think it would help address my question above (reconciling the too-technical feedback with the not-precise-enough feedback)
[2019-02-12T17:57:37.872Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: we have rotation, crypto future proof, organizational end-of-life longevity. These are all attempts to capture the future proofing.
[2019-02-12T17:57:50.171Z]	<Justin_R>	@manu right but that means that it assumes the network will continue to run and the government structure won't fall, right?
[2019-02-12T17:57:57.687Z]	<manu>	yes, correct...
[2019-02-12T17:58:01.852Z]	<brent>	ChristopherA: but they're not specifically called out as future proofing.
[2019-02-12T17:58:19.108Z]	<manu>	@Justin_R, but some of these networks have a more decentralized way of operating... and that's not the /only/ benefit.
[2019-02-12T17:58:19.687Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-02-12T17:58:20.466Z]	<jonnycrunch>	i'm curious about the link to the "scantily clad woman", how was that a use-case as I don't see it
[2019-02-12T17:58:23.927Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: so we should separate economic from ??? sustainability
[2019-02-12T17:58:25.555Z]	<Justin_R>	@manu ok, as long as I'm understanding the assumptions behind the claims here
[2019-02-12T17:58:59.707Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: not sure where the link to the scantily clad woman is
[2019-02-12T17:59:00.837Z]	<Justin_R>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wz8sakevXzO2OSMP341w7M2LjAMZfEQaTQEm_AOs3_Q/edit#heading=h.70an1a4kg74q
[2019-02-12T17:59:11.389Z]	<brent>	manu: I deleted it. tried to stop the bleeding.
[2019-02-12T17:59:17.485Z]	<Justin_R>	oh ffs really, an image??
[2019-02-12T17:59:23.447Z]	<Justin_R>	(I missed that one)
[2019-02-12T17:59:52.241Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: want to embrace: that's why we open it up, even if we get crazy stuff. Hopefully we're feeling better about the doc.
[2019-02-12T17:59:59.233Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues/9
[2019-02-12T18:00:14.147Z]	<brent>	... Issue with the charter itself. Request to put at least one use case in the charter itself.
[2019-02-12T18:00:38.913Z]	<brent>	manu: let's chat offline.
[2019-02-12T18:00:44.386Z]	<manu>	@Justin_R, you get more things w/ DIDs... not just the possibility of a more decentralized identifier network or governance structures... other things are key rotation tied to a long lived auditable identifier.
[2019-02-12T18:00:47.674Z]	<Moses>	bye everyone
[2019-02-12T18:00:54.367Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: thanks all, we will be quickly iterating.
[2019-02-12T18:01:34.012Z]	<manu>	@Justin_R, so people tend to say "what does the *one* thing DIDs do?" -- and it's not just one thing, it's a combination of things... that because it does that combination of things, certain things are enabled.
[2019-02-12T18:02:10.792Z]	<manu>	@Justin_R, like, you can have key rotation w/ no auditability... and while that's helpful (you can rotate keys), you don't know when people did the rotation, so you can't go back in time and check signatures from 15 years ago (as a hand-wavy example)
