[Tue 12:04:43] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017May/0057.html
[Tue 12:04:43] <manu>	scribe: Drummond
[Tue 12:05:15] <voip-vctf>	441227738738 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000053] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:05:54] *	manu Drummond - use a colon after the name... use last names, the software will pickup on last names
[Tue 12:06:00] *	DavidC (~DavidC@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:06:06] *	manu so... Reed: Hi my name is Drummond
[Tue 12:06:11] <voip-vctf>	16789329012 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000055] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:06:12] <voip-vctf>	Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-00000056] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:06:17] <manu>	voip: 0053 is DavidChadwick
[Tue 12:06:17] <voip-vctf>	Associated DavidChadwick with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000053.
[Tue 12:06:20] <burn>	voip: 0055 is DanBurnett
[Tue 12:06:20] <voip-vctf>	Associated DanBurnett with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000055.
[Tue 12:06:41] <voip-vctf>	Unknown [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000057] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:06:53] *	peacekeeper (~peacekeeper@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:07:08] <Drummond>	manu: clarified that we are going to be talking about both Federal Task Force and other topics
[Tue 12:07:15] *	burn who is peacekeeper
[Tue 12:07:18] *	manu Drummond - perfect :)
[Tue 12:07:30] *	manu peacekeeper is Markus Sabadello
[Tue 12:07:53] <Drummond>	rgrant: Hi, I've been participating in the Rebooting Web of Trust Workshops. Focused on DID spec and DID method specifications
[Tue 12:07:58] *	burn thanks Drummond, manu
[Tue 12:08:41] *	manu yay, Markus! :)
[Tue 12:08:53] <Drummond>	Dubovitskaya: Works with IBM research and Jan Camenisch on privacy-preserving credentials
[Tue 12:09:02] <voip-vctf>	14103367698 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000058] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:09:46] *	manu 410 ... is that Richard Varn?
[Tue 12:10:05] <Drummond>	peacekeeper: Markus Sabadello is with DanubeTech in Vienna Austria. Working on Sovrin, verifiable claims, Sovrin, and XDI
[Tue 12:10:09] *	burn dlongley, you were right that the trailing slash is not needed :)
[Tue 12:10:15] *	dlongley huzzah
[Tue 12:10:29] *	burn still makes the programmer in me nervous, though
[Tue 12:10:41] *	JoeAndrieu slaps adam around a bit with a large fishbot
[Tue 12:10:57] <Drummond>	Adam: Works with Digital Bazaar, very interested in self-sovereign identity and independence on the Web
[Tue 12:10:59] <kimhd>	Bariska: Works with IBM research and Jan Camenisch on privacy-preserving credentials
[Tue 12:10:59] *	manu yes, but /which/ adam...
[Tue 12:11:06] *	harlan (~harlan@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:11:56] <Drummond>	allen: reviews action items
[Tue 12:11:59] <manu>	  KimHD: Send last call for additional CG work items before poll DUE FRIDAY MAY 26th [DONE]
[Tue 12:11:59] <manu>	  KimHD: Create poll for priorities on work items, ~3 weeks snapshot poll results for prioritization - DUE TUESDAY MAY 30th [IN-PROGRESS]
[Tue 12:11:59] <manu>	  ChristopherA: First draft of CG Mission Statement for review - DUE JUNE 6th [ON HOLD Re: NAME & MISSION] https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kxm6yGnGAVgNTLMYft_cz2zW3c1AE8uSCy4i5A6OhG8/edit?usp=sharing
[Tue 12:11:59] <manu>	  ChristopherA: Create a new proposal for how Digital Verification CG integrates DUE JUNE 6th [ON HOLD re: NAME & MISSION]
[Tue 12:11:59] <manu>	  ALL: Approve New Name and Mission Statement - DUE JUNE 27th
[Tue 12:12:17] *	manu kimhd - yep
[Tue 12:12:33] *	manu but "emote" when saying stuff like "did I do that right?" that, or it goes into the minutes.
[Tue 12:12:47] *	manu you emote via /me command... so, /me waves.
[Tue 12:13:00] *	kimhd thumbs up
[Tue 12:13:01] *	Drummond thanks manu
[Tue 12:13:54] <Drummond>	manu: clarifies that only W3C chairs can update community docs
[Tue 12:14:23] <manu>	Topic: Community Group Scope and Naming
[Tue 12:14:55] <Drummond>	Christopher: at the last meeting, there was a motion to unite the two community groups
[Tue 12:15:36] <Drummond>	Christopher: The open issue is the name of the unified group. "Credentials" is overused
[Tue 12:15:43] *	burn needs manu to help with CG chair change.  Unable to find any control that lets me do that.
[Tue 12:16:05] *	manu burn - we'll have to screen share, I don't know where W3C hides that particular button. :P
[Tue 12:16:07] <ChristopherA_>	q?
[Tue 12:16:07] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:16:13] <manu>	q+ to note US Fed
[Tue 12:16:14] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:16:21] <ChristopherA_>	ack manu
[Tue 12:16:21] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note US Fed).
[Tue 12:17:26] <Drummond>	manu: Needs to appear before the US Fed Secure Payments Task Force next week and give them a formal name of this group
[Tue 12:17:40] <Drummond>	manu: proposes "Digital Verification Community Group"
[Tue 12:17:52] *	burn Christopher, note how manu added his topic to the queue.  He used 'to' after the q+ and before what he wanted to be reminded of.
[Tue 12:18:09] *	burn I noticed you were trying to do that last call
[Tue 12:18:12] <Drummond>	manu: favors that name because it's a "big tent"
[Tue 12:18:35] <Drummond>	manu: wants to avoid the term "Identity" since it is so overloaded
[Tue 12:18:40] *	peacekeeper has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:19:13] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 12:19:13] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:19:19] <ChristopherA_>	q?
[Tue 12:19:19] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:19:28] <Drummond>	DavidC: the term "credential" is more accurate
[Tue 12:19:51] <Drummond>	rgrant: asks about the term "identity" - why is it overloaded?
[Tue 12:20:07] <Drummond>	manu: the W3C has said that it is not a topic they want to tackle
[Tue 12:20:14] *	rgrant starts to understand the speaker queue
[Tue 12:20:25] <ChristopherA_>	q?
[Tue 12:20:25] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:20:45] *	burn rgrant, just type q+ to add yourself, q- to remove yourself, q? to check
[Tue 12:20:53] *	rgrant got it
[Tue 12:21:00] <Drummond>	manu: the security community got upset about the use of the term "credential" because in their view a credential is strictly a username/password
[Tue 12:21:07] <manu>	"Decentralized Verification" is another option, but that's also vague.
[Tue 12:21:38] <ChristopherA_>	q?
[Tue 12:21:38] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:21:41] <Drummond>	DavidC: "credential" is broader than username/password
[Tue 12:21:58] <ChristopherA_>	q+
[Tue 12:21:58] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA_ has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu, ChristopherA_
[Tue 12:22:36] <Drummond>	DavidC: it would be correct to use "credentials" in the meaning of the term we all understand
[Tue 12:23:42] <Drummond>	manu: agrees, but our opinions on the suitability of the term really don't matter to some of the major players at W3C. They can then block the work behind the scenes.
[Tue 12:24:08] <Drummond>	manu: the words "identity" and "credential" are trigger words for that reaction
[Tue 12:24:21] <Drummond>	DavidC: the word "verification" is too vague
[Tue 12:24:28] <ChristopherA_>	ack joe
[Tue 12:24:28] <voip-vctf>	joe isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:24:43] <ChristopherA_>	ack joeandrieu
[Tue 12:24:43] <voip-vctf>	joeandrieu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:24:46] <burn>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:24:46] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 12:25:25] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 12:25:25] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA_
[Tue 12:25:27] <ChristopherA_>	ack ChristopherA_
[Tue 12:25:27] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA_ has the floor.
[Tue 12:25:29] <Drummond>	JoeAndrieu: his concern about "verification" is only about the signature of the issuer, not whether the claim is true. So he'd like to be able to retain that,
[Tue 12:25:43] <rgrant>	proven control of keys
[Tue 12:25:52] <Drummond>	DavidC: What about "digital cards"?
[Tue 12:26:08] <rgrant>	"proof of key control"
[Tue 12:26:12] <Drummond>	Christopher: that term also has challenges
[Tue 12:26:40] <JoeAndrieu>	Digital Assertions?
[Tue 12:26:54] <rgrant>	"control assertions"
[Tue 12:26:56] <JoeAndrieu>	Digital Attestations?
[Tue 12:27:07] <Drummond>	Christopher: would like to find a term that also attracts digital cryptographers
[Tue 12:27:17] <ChristopherA_>	q?
[Tue 12:27:17] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:27:45] <kimhd>	+1 Digital Attestations
[Tue 12:27:48] <Drummond>	Christopher: appreciates why Manu needs to move the process forward to establish a name for the U.S. Fed presentation
[Tue 12:28:24] *	manu likes Digital Attestations as well... we haven't used that yet. :P
[Tue 12:28:25] <rgrant>	+1 Digital Attestations
[Tue 12:28:25] <Drummond>	JoeAndrieu: likes "digital" as a prefix, but looking for a term that is larger than "claims"
[Tue 12:28:27] <adam>	+1 Digital Attestations
[Tue 12:29:32] <JoeAndrieu>	Secure attestations?
[Tue 12:29:48] <ChristopherA_>	q+
[Tue 12:29:48] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA_ has been added to the queue: ChristopherA_
[Tue 12:29:54] <Drummond>	Drummond: the challenge with "Digital Attestations" is that it sounds just like Verifiable Claims
[Tue 12:30:02] <ChristopherA_>	ack ChristopherA_
[Tue 12:30:02] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA_ has the floor.
[Tue 12:30:19] <ChristopherA_>	https://github.com/w3c/vc-data-model/issues/47
[Tue 12:30:25] <Drummond>	manu: we are trying to establish that this community group has a larger scope than Verifiable Claims
[Tue 12:31:25] <Drummond>	Christopher: wants to make sure that the scope includes reputation systems that describe claims and proofs. Used the example of R3. Also E&Y.
[Tue 12:31:47] <kimhd>	q+  how to choose name
[Tue 12:31:47] <voip-vctf>	kimhd has been added to the queue: kimhd
[Tue 12:32:01] <manu>	Self-Sovereign Technology Community Group?
[Tue 12:32:05] <Drummond>	Christopher: this also came up at Rebooting the Web of Trust in Paris. The term "attestation" was used for a subtype of verifiable claim
[Tue 12:32:16] *	manu SSTCG a mouthful.
[Tue 12:32:38] <Drummond>	Kim: the term "attestation" is also pretty loaded
[Tue 12:32:46] <manu>	+1 to what KimHD is saying... we should get some of these ideas down....
[Tue 12:33:03] <rgrant>	+1 for crowsourced sense of specific<-->general, and which words in/out
[Tue 12:33:04] <Drummond>	Drummond: "Self- Sovereign Technology Community Group" is not bad
[Tue 12:33:29] *	manu strives to be "not bad" at the things he works on. :P
[Tue 12:33:30] <harlan>	Our Portable Reputation Toolkit work that Christoper A was referring to: https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2016/blob/master/final-documents/reputation-toolkit.pdf
[Tue 12:33:47] <adam>	Self-Sovereign Technology is not much longer than "verifiable claims" I think Self-Sovereign sums up the collective effort of the group
[Tue 12:33:55] <JoeAndrieu>	There's also a notion of "decentralized" at the core of our approach.
[Tue 12:34:06] <Bohan>	Manu, is there a date you need a name by?
[Tue 12:34:06] <Drummond>	Christopher: we're running out of time for this agenda item, but recognize that it needs to be resolved
[Tue 12:34:20] <manu>	Sean - by Thursday :P
[Tue 12:34:25] <manu>	that's when the slides are due
[Tue 12:34:37] *	manu ;(((
[Tue 12:35:22] <ChristopherA>	attribute-based credentials
[Tue 12:35:35] <ChristopherA>	attribute certifications
[Tue 12:35:36] <adam>	decentralization is a strategy to achieve Self-Sovereignty--Self-Sovereignty is the goal it seems to me.
[Tue 12:35:39] <harlan>	+1 for "Self-Sovereign Technology Community Group".  Inspiring to us, and likely sounds irrelevant to those who might block other names...
[Tue 12:36:05] <rgrant>	adam: interesting shift from trying to name the specs to using the name of the goal
[Tue 12:36:19] <ChristopherA>	I love the SS idea (obviously) but it may alienate some, as you can use this tech with centralized as well.
[Tue 12:36:19] <Drummond>	Mariad: worked on ABC for Trust, which was all about privacy-preserving credentials and authentication. This was published by Microsoft and IBM.
[Tue 12:36:33] *	manu that's true, ChristopherA_ ...
[Tue 12:36:48] <manu>	That's true, ChristopherA - SS may alienate large corporates/governments.
[Tue 12:37:10] <adam>	if SS can be centralized then why does it alienate?
[Tue 12:37:38] <harlan>	Sovereign is a loaded word ;)
[Tue 12:37:40] <JoeAndrieu>	have we seen any evidence that SS alienates corporates/governments? That seems apocryphal so far.
[Tue 12:37:58] <Drummond>	Drummond: I am finding that the term "self-sovereign" is getting more traction in the market as a specific term of the industry.
[Tue 12:38:22] <JoeAndrieu>	+1 to avoid the name conversation, Manu
[Tue 12:38:40] <rgrant>	Maybe manu could call it X... working towards Self Sovereign Identity.
[Tue 12:38:40] <Drummond>	manu: perhaps he should just try to avoid the name in this presentation
[Tue 12:38:52] *	dlongley Credentials and Digital Verification Community Group :)
[Tue 12:39:14] <Drummond>	Drummond: I am okay with Digital Verification WG
[Tue 12:39:19] <adam>	it seems like GDPR that SS would be appealing to the EU
[Tue 12:39:24] <ChristopherA_>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W0r6TOaJXGcDP4qOzOIEfSym
[Tue 12:39:27] <harlan>	I'm finding SS a great descriptive word. Experts and muggles alike immediately get it, and love it.
[Tue 12:39:29] <adam>	"governments"
[Tue 12:39:59] <Drummond>	Drummond: SS tech is *definitely* appealing to GDPR
[Tue 12:39:37] <manu>	Topic: Verifiable Claims Browser API and Browser Polyfill
[Tue 12:39:59] <dlongley>	https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-RJMifQthi-vJJ2X4UCjQAtkklgxmlk4LWnHupuibHw/edit?usp=sharing
[Tue 12:40:15] <kimhd>	also +1 on SS
[Tue 12:40:31] <Drummond>	dlongley: assumes he and Manu would be the main champions for this
[Tue 12:40:46] <burn>	DIgital Self-Sovereign tEChnology Track (DISSECT)
[Tue 12:41:02] <harlan>	LOL
[Tue 12:41:10] *	manu eeeew, braaaaains.
[Tue 12:41:20] *	manu :)
[Tue 12:41:48] <Drummond>	dlongley: a polyfill provides a Web API that is not yet natively supported in a browser
[Tue 12:42:35] <Drummond>	dlongley: a Web API polyfill will let people register a "wallet" to store verifiable claims and share them with other sites
[Tue 12:42:49] <manu>	we're on slide 5
[Tue 12:44:01] <Drummond>	dlongley: a Web API for verifiable claims will work like other Web APIs like the Payments API. In fact those other APIs are designed to be extended for functions like these.
[Tue 12:44:02] <rgrant>	slide 8's did would be legal as:  did:nop:1324
[Tue 12:44:43] <Drummond>	dlongley: doing this in a polyfill lays the groundwork for browsers to natively implement the API and those APIs will take over from the polyfill
[Tue 12:44:52] <dlongley>	https://demo.authorization.io/
[Tue 12:45:00] *	rgrant thanks manu 
[Tue 12:45:22] *	manu high frequency issue management.
[Tue 12:45:22] <Drummond>	dlongley: Digital Bazaar has an implementation of a polyfill that works now. It lets you register a DID, receive a claim, and then share it with another site.
[Tue 12:45:33] *	MariaDubovitskaya (~MariaDubovitskaya@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:46:03] <manu>	Dave's referring to slide 6 - the one with the links
[Tue 12:46:17] <Drummond>	dlongley: there are a number of ways we can go with this. The preso includes links to source code of the demo. The last few slides show what the Javascript code looks like.
[Tue 12:47:12] <Drummond>	dlongley: the Web API abstracts the digital wallet so that the developer does not need to care where or how the credentials are stored
[Tue 12:47:23] <ChristopherA>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W0r6TOaJXGcDP4qOzOIEfSymub4nRSLrBmtBqyDf06I/edit?usp=sharing
[Tue 12:47:48] <manu>	Topic: Lifecycle of a Verifiable Claim
[Tue 12:48:03] <JoeAndrieu>	http://bit.ly/joram100
[Tue 12:48:08] <harlan>	Thanks Dave, great stuff!
[Tue 12:48:20] <Drummond>	ChristopherA: suggests that people add notes about a Web API to the Work Items document
[Tue 12:48:24] <SeanBohan_Sovrin>	+1 Dave
[Tue 12:48:54] <Drummond>	DavidC: volunteered as a champion for the Lifecycle of a Verifiable Claim work
[Tue 12:50:00] <ChristopherA>	Another example of a use-case in this style (not mature) is the Web Of Trust Use Case at https://github.com/w3c/vc-use-cases/issues/31
[Tue 12:50:21] <voip-vctf>	12066188530 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000059] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:50:36] <Drummond>	JoeAndrieu: the work is a prose description of the 15 steps of a user interacting with the system—in this case a Syrian refugee arriving in Greece
[Tue 12:51:09] <Drummond>	JoeAndrieu: talks through the 15 steps as shown in the use case document
[Tue 12:53:23] <Drummond>	JoeAndrieu: the goal is to present what the user experience would be throughout the lifecycle of the technology without the technical details so one can focus on the actual use and benefits
[Tue 12:53:23] <manu>	Topic: Data Minimization and Selective Disclosure Report
[Tue 12:53:30] <ChristopherA_>	https://github.com/w3c-dvcg
[Tue 12:54:42] <manu>	https://w3c-dvcg.github.io/lds-pseudonymous2016/
[Tue 12:54:50] <Drummond>	ChristopherA: We have a number of topics around data minimization and selective disclosure, including CL signatures
[Tue 12:55:49] <Drummond>	ChristopherA: Other approaches do simpler forms of data minimization and selective disclosure, but these have not been expressed in detail, so we need a document that explains and explores the options.
[Tue 12:56:12] <Drummond>	ChristopherA: right now he is the lead on this item, and is seeking other champions
[Tue 12:56:13] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:56:14] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: KimHD [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000042], ChristopherA_ [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000044], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000045], kimhd [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000046], SeanBohan [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000047], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000048], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-00000049], JoeAndrieu [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000004a], RyanGrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000004c], MariaBariska [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000004e], HarlanWood [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000004f], Adam
[Tue 12:56:14] <voip-vctf>	Lake [SIP/Adam-00000051], Drummond [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000050], DavidChadwick [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000053], DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000055], Adam Lake [SIP/Adam-00000056], Unknown [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000057], 14103367698 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000058], 12066188530 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000059].
[Tue 12:57:01] <manu>	Drummond: I can talk about current DID spec on next call
[Tue 12:57:11] <manu>	Topic: Decentralized Identifier Spec
[Tue 12:57:21] <Drummond>	Drummond: DID Implementer’s Draft 10: https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2016/blob/master/final-documents/did-implementer-draft-10.pdf
[Tue 12:57:53] <manu>	Drummond: This is work that started here with the VCTF and DIDs for Verifiable Claims... we moved it forward under DHS S&T... and Rebooting Web of Trust last year.
[Tue 12:58:35] <manu>	Drummond: It's an identifier format that can work with any ledger or decentralized identifier technology. It doesn't rquire centralized registration authority, standardized JSON-LD object/DDO, associated w/ public keys, key rotation control block, service endpoints.
[Tue 12:59:14] *	Drummond Manu, you are seriously fast
[Tue 12:59:49] *	rgrant_ (~rgrant@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 13:00:03] *	manu my secret is Methamphetamines.... :P
[Tue 13:00:04] *	rgrant has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 13:00:12] *	rgrant_ is now known as rgrant
[Tue 13:00:38] *	burn thinks Digital Bazaar only hires fast typists
[Tue 13:00:44] *	les (~les@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 13:00:44] <Drummond>	ChristopherA: Asks that if you know others who are interested in this work, send them email and make sure they know that this is a new Community Group with a big tent. Encourage them to participate in the next few calls.
[Tue 13:00:56] *	manu :)
[Tue 13:01:07] <ChristopherA_>	q?
[Tue 13:01:07] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: kimhd
[Tue 13:01:17] <ChristopherA_>	ack kimhd
[Tue 13:01:17] <voip-vctf>	kimhd has the floor ( how to choose name).
[Tue 13:01:27] <Drummond>	kimhd: a poll is going to come out this afternoon
[Tue 13:02:10] <SeanBohan_Sovrin>	Bohan: thanks Christopher and Kim!
[Tue 13:02:10] <voip-vctf>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000045] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:02:11] <Drummond>	ChristopherA: thanks everyone for participating and looks forward to next week
[Tue 13:02:11] <manu>	Present+ longley, lake, lehn, bohan, kimhd, christophera, andrieu, grant, mariad, wood, lake, drummond, chadwick, burn
