[Tue 11:04:03] <ShaneM>	Scribe: ShaneM
[Tue 11:04:13] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Sep/0003.html
[Tue 11:04:40] *	stone_ (~stone@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:04:54] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001c4] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:07] *	sohkai (~sohkai@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:06:13] *	les (~les@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:06:33] <ShaneM>	Topic: Quick introduction from Pindar Wong
[Tue 11:06:53] <manu>	Pindar: Chairman of VeriFi Hong Kong
[Tue 11:06:56] <voip-vctf>	17278084918 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c7] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:06] <voip-vctf>	14105315457 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:07] <ShaneM>	... Long standing member of the Web Payments community group.  Interest here is convergence of Verifiable Claims and Blockchain stuff in Hong Kong.
[Tue 11:07:08] <ShaneM>	... Also interested in eid.cn
[Tue 11:07:15] <ShaneM>	Topic: F2F Meeting at IIW
[Tue 11:07:28] *	dezell (~dezell@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:07:34] <manu>	voip: 1c7 is DavidEzell
[Tue 11:07:34] <voip-vctf>	Associated DavidEzell with SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c7.
[Tue 11:07:45] <manu>	voip: 1c8 is LesChasen
[Tue 11:07:45] <voip-vctf>	Associated LesChasen with SIP/69.65.34.216-000001c8.
[Tue 11:08:02] <ShaneM>	Manu: F2F meeting scheduled.
[Tue 11:08:13] <manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2016Aug/0115.html
[Tue 11:08:19] <ShaneM>	... going to miss a couple of people because of various conflicts.
[Tue 11:08:31] *	pindarhk (~sid105966@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:08:40] <ShaneM>	... Coinciding with IIW.  Oct 27 and 28.  Last day of IIW and the Friday.
[Tue 11:09:05] <ShaneM>	... Thanks to IIW people.  They are excited to have us there.  We are excited to be there.  Lots of common interests.
[Tue 11:09:14] <ChristopherA>	Also, #RebootingWebOfTrust is three days before http://www.weboftrust.info/
[Tue 11:09:27] <ShaneM>	Manu: they will be providing food etc.  All you need to do is buy a ticket.  There is a discount code there.  Use the links in the email to register.
[Tue 11:09:57] <ShaneM>	...Before IIW is the rebooting web of trust workshop.  1.5 weeks of claims / identity / blockchain stuff.  Good opportunity.
[Tue 11:10:11] <pindarhk>	Will it be livestreamed?
[Tue 11:10:20] <ChristopherA>	No.
[Tue 11:10:24] <pindarhk>	ok, thanks
[Tue 11:11:03] <ShaneM>	Manu: the thing we need to do by the time this rolls around is have the agenda down and presenters sorted.
[Tue 11:11:12] <ShaneM>	... Right now it will be open to the public.  No W3C Working Group yet.
[Tue 11:11:39] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001c9] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:11:54] *	les has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:12:02] <burn>	is there any chance for remote participation for the two days of VCTF?
[Tue 11:12:04] *	les (~les@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:12:07] <ShaneM>	Manu: Focus upon technical work.  We do have a 1 day F2F agenda so far.  Hoping to have 1.5 days through Friday at 3 PM so people can fly out on the Friday.
[Tue 11:12:31] <ShaneM>	manu: will try to have dial in numbers.  It may not be possible.  We don't know yet.
[Tue 11:12:39] <stone>	Ironic that connectivity is problematic...
[Tue 11:12:48] <ubiquitous>	google hangouts?
[Tue 11:13:06] <ChristopherA>	They don't have great connectivity unless the conferences pays a lot extra for it.
[Tue 11:13:14] <voip-vctf>	Rob Trainer [SIP/71.121.234.111-000001ca] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:13:26] <ShaneM>	manu: the issue is not whether we want to do it.  We could set up something but connectivity can be a problem.
[Tue 11:13:41] <voip-vctf>	Rob Trainer [SIP/71.121.234.111-000001ca] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:13:58] *	Rob_Trainer (~Rob_Trainer@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:13:58] <dcrocker>	404 on charter link:  The W3C page for this task force includes a link to the "widely socialized" charter that doesn't work: https://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/charter/vcwg-draft.html
[Tue 11:14:49] <manu>	Dave Crocker, Sorry, this is the latest one - https://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/charter/rc-2.html
[Tue 11:14:02] <manu>	Topic: Verifiable Claims Implementations to Demo
[Tue 11:14:29] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: One of the goals of RWOT is to initially replicate what PGP does as far as web of trust is concerned.
[Tue 11:14:41] <ShaneM>	... with more modern technolgies / approaches.
[Tue 11:14:50] <ShaneM>	... One thing that PGP does is establish a peer chain.
[Tue 11:15:38] <ShaneM>	... we would like to get that implemented with some kind of self-signed claim.  Demonstrate validity.  Then talk about more difficult things like trust anchors, chain points, and other things that we would like to propose during RWOT
[Tue 11:16:15] <voip-vctf>	Rob Trainer [SIP/71.121.234.111-000001cb] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:16:16] <ShaneM>	...  I have raised a little bit of funds.. there might be some interest.  if other people have time available or want to participate in different ways let ChristopherA know.
[Tue 11:16:24] <ShaneM>	... goal is a quick hack of self signed claims and peer attestations.
[Tue 11:16:37] <agropper>	I am interested
[Tue 11:16:42] <voip-vctf>	Rob Trainer [SIP/71.121.234.111-000001cb] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:16:42] <ubiquitous>	Perhaps post a note in https://www.w3.org/community/rww/ also - as it's a complimentary group, with additional people who are aware of linked-data
[Tue 11:16:52] <dlongley>	if we have time we can throw something together
[Tue 11:16:53] <ShaneM>	manu: anyone interested in doing thinking or implementation work?
[Tue 11:17:11] <ShaneM>	manu: digital bazaar is notionally interested.  Happy to help out.
[Tue 11:17:27] <ShaneM>	ShaneM: Spec-Ops is interested...
[Tue 11:17:27] <ChristopherA>	Thank you!
[Tue 11:18:05] <ShaneM>	manu: this is all to the good.  We need implementations for VC... and this is part of it,.
[Tue 11:18:08] <manu>	Topic: Verifiable Claims RC-2 Draft Charter Feedback
[Tue 11:18:19] <manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2016Aug/0019.html
[Tue 11:18:46] <ShaneM>	manu: we developed this and send it out at the beginning of August.  We have received no feedback.
[Tue 11:18:53] <ShaneM>	... pinged every week.
[Tue 11:19:26] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:19:26] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dezell
[Tue 11:19:47] <ShaneM>	Tim: Planning to review the charter still.  No formal feedback yet.
[Tue 11:19:50] <manu>	ack dezell 
[Tue 11:19:50] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:20:26] <ShaneM>	dezell: I have concerns.  I know that we have a session planned for VC at F2F in Lisbon.  I am letting you know that having that session sends the right message to management.  I would like to keep that session.
[Tue 11:20:46] <ShaneM>	... let's work together to develop the content and convey the concerns about the delays.
[Tue 11:21:27] <ShaneM>	manu: current plan is to try to socialize it widely at W3C.  Be careful about how we say things about the involvement of W3M.  It would be good to get some feedback from Wendy before TPAC.
[Tue 11:21:36] <ShaneM>	... we need to know what is happening or if they are just too busy.
[Tue 11:21:52] <ShaneM>	dezell: I think it is doubtful that it is willful ignoring.
[Tue 11:22:18] <voip-vctf>	Rob Trainer [SIP/71.121.234.111-000001cf] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:22:28] <ShaneM>	... I don't know what is going on in W3C.  Maybe they are trying to not cloud the water with other issues because of all the things on the ACs table.
[Tue 11:23:00] <ShaneM>	manu: two opportunities.  On Wednesday there is an unconference portion.  Also during the Web Payments IG meeting.  We have a VC session there as well.
[Tue 11:24:02] <ShaneM>	manu: we will continue to reach out to Wendy and MS.  Google as well.
[Tue 11:24:06] <ChristopherA>	+q To a certain point I'm proceeding even if W3C does not.
[Tue 11:24:16] <agropper>	q+
[Tue 11:24:16] <voip-vctf>	agropper has been added to the queue: agropper
[Tue 11:24:39] <pindarhk>	+1 ChristpherA
[Tue 11:24:57] <manu>	ack agropper 
[Tue 11:24:57] <voip-vctf>	agropper has the floor.
[Tue 11:24:58] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: I am proceeding even if W3C does not.  We have several years of maturity.  There are lots of people in the BC area who are interested in interoperability.  There aren't other soltuions for us.
[Tue 11:25:24] <ShaneM>	agropper: Is it possible to know who at MS is involved in the conversation?
[Tue 11:25:56] <ShaneM>	manu: Mike Champion.  Anthony Nadlin. Daniel Buchner. Kim Cameron and his team. Microsoft doesn't seem to be pushing back as strongly as they were at the beginning.  Some other naes (scribe failure).
[Tue 11:26:45] <ShaneM>	agropper: I might be able to reach out top privacy / legal people.
[Tue 11:26:52] <dlongley>	http://openid.net/foundation/leadership/ <-- "Anthony Nadalin"
[Tue 11:27:03] <ShaneM>	manu: can you send me the names if you do so that I can get it assembled into a list.
[Tue 11:27:14] <ShaneM>	... just to be clear we have no contacts with have no contacts in that side of MS.
[Tue 11:28:21] *	dezell apologies, must take a call with Joerg Heuer.
[Tue 11:28:29] <ShaneM>	manu: just to echo what ChristopherA was saying... many of us are proceeding without W3C.  We have customers who want in and we need to move
[Tue 11:28:33] <manu>	Topic: Estonian E-Residency Face-to-Face
[Tue 11:28:38] <manu>	http://www.futureofidentity.org/
[Tue 11:29:21] <ShaneM>	manu: the estonian program is one of the most advanced in the world.
[Tue 11:29:52] <ShaneM>	... we had a week long meeting in estonia where they flew in 50 to 70 people to talk about things related to verifiable claims.  EResidency, EIdentity - launching things via the programs.
[Tue 11:30:44] <ubiquitous>	brave new world...
[Tue 11:30:44] <ShaneM>	Manu: If you want to you can apply for EResidency in Estonia.  They verify who you are and then they will issue you an ID card you can use for binding agreements, open bank accounts, use certain services etc.
[Tue 11:30:52] <ShaneM>	... sign contracts, hire people.
[Tue 11:30:59] *	ubiquitous has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:31:08] *	ubiquitous (~ubiquitous@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:31:42] <ShaneM>	... They want to shift over to a more standardized ecosystem.  Something that will scale more with the web.  Talked to many people who are interested in VC - digital identity.
[Tue 11:31:54] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000001d1] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:32:04] <ShaneM>	... lots of companies want ways to standardize verifiable claims.
[Tue 11:32:37] <ShaneM>	... Next steps? Give people information on the VCTF and let them join.  Manu is on the advisory board of the eResidency program.
[Tue 11:32:56] <pindarhk>	Thanks Manu!
[Tue 11:33:01] <ShaneM>	... they are planning on meeting again in a year.  If anyone has a chance of going, I urge you to do so.  They have more foresight than most.
[Tue 11:33:12] <manu>	Topic: Planning for W3C TPAC
[Tue 11:34:07] <ShaneM>	manu: The message at TPAC is that the work is starting.  The kickoff meeting is at IIW.  Double / Triple up on travel.  We have a charter that W3C is reviewing.  We are not waiting on that stuff to be approved to begin work.  We will continue to build the community and move to implem entations to get things deployed.
[Tue 11:34:23] <ShaneM>	... Two opportunities.  Wednesday unconference.  IG Meeting.
[Tue 11:34:36] <ShaneM>	... socialize information.  Recruit members and support.
[Tue 11:34:46] <ShaneM>	... We need to develop a slide deck for TPAC.
[Tue 11:34:55] <ShaneM>	... Manu will take the action for that.
[Tue 11:35:20] <ShaneM>	... We need to have the IIW Agenda together.  Rely heavily on other people in the group on presenting viewpoints.
[Tue 11:35:38] <ChristopherA>	I will not be at TPAC but Marta will be.
[Tue 11:35:44] <ChristopherA>	I will be at IIW
[Tue 11:35:46] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: work on VC.  ShaneM talk about use cases. Go over the specification that we have so far.  Time level setting with everyone,.
[Tue 11:36:19] <pindarhk>	nope
[Tue 11:36:59] <manu>	Topic: Interplanetary File System and Verifiable Claims
[Tue 11:37:22] <ShaneM>	manu: we started discussing this last week.  It has to do with decentralized identifiers.
[Tue 11:37:47] <ShaneM>	... We are talking with the IPFS folks.  We have had a number of discussions about this.
[Tue 11:37:59] <ShaneM>	... the main use for IPFS would be as a publically verifiable claim.
[Tue 11:38:15] <ShaneM>	.... We are also talking with BigChainDB about VC.
[Tue 11:38:44] <ShaneM>	... What they are focused on are putting IP ownership into blockchains.  Put a signature on it.  Have ownership data in a blockchain.
[Tue 11:38:52] <ShaneM>	... build on IPFS.
[Tue 11:39:22] <ShaneM>	.... I know that Les and Drummond are looking at DiDs as well.
[Tue 11:39:40] *	erkorb_rm (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:40:14] <agropper>	q+
[Tue 11:40:14] <voip-vctf>	agropper has been added to the queue: agropper
[Tue 11:40:31] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: We clearly identified at RWoT that making progress on decentralized IDs created from BC technologies is a good idea.  Started drafting requirements.  github repo from RWoT.
[Tue 11:40:55] <dlongley>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/ID2020DesignWorkshop/blob/master/draft-documents/requirements-for-dids.md
[Tue 11:41:14] <ShaneM>	... most parties are avoiding the name problem to allow creation of IDs that people an claim and verify.  Allow key rotation etc.  Important aspect of trust anchors.
[Tue 11:41:24] <ShaneM>	... Some people are looking at this hard already.
[Tue 11:41:27] <manu>	q+ to talk about discussion w/ Christian in Estonia
[Tue 11:41:27] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: agropper, manu
[Tue 11:41:43] <manu>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/ID2020DesignWorkshop/blob/master/final-documents/requirements-for-dids.pdf
[Tue 11:42:16] <ShaneM>	... These will be discussed at RWoT in October.
[Tue 11:42:48] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: I also have some things I wanted to talk about with JSON-LD and chain points.  There is no JSON-LD working group...
[Tue 11:42:48] <manu>	ack agropper 
[Tue 11:42:48] <voip-vctf>	agropper has the floor.
[Tue 11:42:50] <ShaneM>	manu: later.
[Tue 11:43:04] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:43:04] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to talk about discussion w/ Christian in Estonia).
[Tue 11:43:06] <ShaneM>	agropper: Consenus folks are also using IPFS as part of their DiD project.
[Tue 11:43:30] <ChristopherA>	consensys
[Tue 11:44:22] <ShaneM>	manu: Christian and I sat down in Estonia.  We talked about having namespaced IDs and the complexity it brings to the system.  Hopefully everyone would agree on a not-yet existing BC that could exist and act as a centralized source.
[Tue 11:44:35] <ShaneM>	... we talked about areas of technical complexity we want to avoid.
[Tue 11:44:41] *	ShaneM notes it is q+, not +q
[Tue 11:45:26] <ShaneM>	manu: while there is no JSON-LD working group, the RWoT space is a fine place to do that work.
[Tue 11:45:42] <ShaneM>	ubiquitous: How inbred is BC?  Is it a mandatory feature of the VC work?
[Tue 11:46:18] <ShaneM>	manu: it depends on how far in the future you look.  A number of us (christopher, adrian, DB, blockstack, respec network, parts of MS) believe that we will have to ahve some sort of decentralized legder for claims stuff.
[Tue 11:46:28] <ShaneM>	... it naturally addresses that problem.
[Tue 11:46:28] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:46:28] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:47:07] <ShaneM>	... for VC you can use it with BC and BC protocols.  It is not an absolute requirement.  For example for many years we have tied them to URLs but there are limitations there.
[Tue 11:47:15] <dlongley>	to be clear, the lock-in occurs with HTTPS URLs
[Tue 11:47:17] <manu>	ack ChristopherA 
[Tue 11:47:17] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:47:29] <ShaneM>	... for decentralized identifiers I think BC is a requriement.  For VC not really.
[Tue 11:47:46] <dlongley>	decentralized identifiers are likely to be implemented as URLs, but with a new scheme where they would be located on a decentralized ledger of some sort
[Tue 11:48:16] <ShaneM>	ChristopherA: There are risks of putting too much info on blockchains.  A lot of our work is in determinuing what is truly essential.  Have persistent identifiers witout the long term risk of putting too much information on immutable ledgers.
[Tue 11:48:34] <ubiquitous>	+comment.
[Tue 11:48:37] <ShaneM>	... my goal is to put as little as possible.  Have BC be trust anchors.  To avoid the X.509 hierarchy problem.
[Tue 11:49:39] <ShaneM>	ubiquitous: There was work on thigns (WebDHT, IPFS, etc).  I understand proof of existence and the value.  I worry about overly tieing VC to BC since it might turn off some stakeholders.
[Tue 11:49:41] <ChristopherA>	As I see it VC doesn't require BC or chainpoint
[Tue 11:50:13] <ChristopherA>	but we do want compatibility with those
[Tue 11:50:26] <ShaneM>	manu: if we tie too closely to BC we might lose a chunk of the community.  They are loosely coupled.  There is no requirement for BC in VC.  Rather, there are use cases where it makes a great choice.
[Tue 11:50:35] <dlongley>	there are several layers in the design.
[Tue 11:50:39] <ShaneM>	... We need Interoperability and we need to permit the use of BC.
[Tue 11:51:41] <ShaneM>	manu: you mention WebDHT.  WebDHT always had the idea of a history mechanism.  The more we looked at it we needed a ledger.  Then the only advantage of WebDHT was a ton of data.
[Tue 11:52:34] <ShaneM>	... because of what has happened with storage recently we think that there will not be a problem with storing identity history in the BC.  Storage technology is scaling faster than the rate at which we need to allocate IDs.
[Tue 11:53:01] <ChristopherA>	Also, chainpoint is a merkle tree with only the root in a blockchain. It is up to the client to store the leaves to verify it.
[Tue 11:53:10] <ShaneM>	... we are now putting our energy into ledgers as a way to solving the decentralized ID problem.
[Tue 11:53:47] <dlongley>	don't confuse "blockchain" with "proof of work"
[Tue 11:53:56] <ShaneM>	ubiquitous: there is a very different thing between web scale vs. social scale.  2.4Bn people on the planet don't have access to electricity for most of a day.
[Tue 11:54:19] <ChristopherA>	#RebootingWebOfTrust is working with the UN ID2020 and has a number of people working on the
[Tue 11:54:21] <ShaneM>	... I have worked on BC a lot.  I see the relationship.
[Tue 11:54:44] <ShaneM>	manu: we are engaging the ID202 and estonian program.  We are engaging people workin gon the refugee problem.
[Tue 11:54:45] <ubiquitous>	 https://www.iea.org/topics/energypoverty/
[Tue 11:55:08] <ShaneM>	... talked with a former bank CEO who is now working on the outreach problem.
[Tue 11:55:23] <ShaneM>	... I think Tim's concerns are good and we have the same concerns.
[Tue 11:55:28] <ShaneM>	ubiquitous: not an easy problem to solve.
[Tue 11:55:30] *	ShaneM notes 5 minutes
[Tue 11:55:35] <pindarhk>	Thanks everyone ... a very informative call!
[Tue 11:55:36] <ShaneM>	q?
[Tue 11:55:36] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:56:02] <pindarhk>	Bye!
[Tue 11:56:06] <ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/ID2020DesignWorkshop/blob/master/final-documents/protecting-digital-identities-in-developing-countries.pdf
[Tue 11:56:02] <manu>	present+ longley, collier, mccarron, sporny, gropper, trainer, korb, lehn, burn, allen, kennedy, lake, holborn, wong, crocker, varn, stone, ezell, chasen
