[Tue 11:07:30] <dlongley>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Nov/0004.html
[Tue 11:07:30] <dlongley>	Date: 2016-11-09
[Tue 11:07:43] <dlongley>	chair: Varn, Stone, Burnett
[Tue 11:07:43] <dlongley>	scribe: dezell
[Tue 11:08:22] <stonematt>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/use-cases/#uc-issuing-claims
[Tue 11:08:46] <dezell>	Topic: Gathering More Use Case Data
[Tue 11:08:46] <dezell>	Varn: we have formerly had to remove use cases, and how we have to add them back in.
[Tue 11:09:27] <dezell>	Richard: Who can give information on new use cases required?
[Tue 11:10:02] <Drummond>	I should be able to have the Evernym product team provide some information about our use cases
[Tue 11:10:20] <dezell>	q?
[Tue 11:10:20] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:10:24] <jyrossi>	present+ jyrossi
[Tue 11:10:36] <Drummond>	q+
[Tue 11:10:36] <voip-vctf>	Drummond has been added to the queue: Drummond
[Tue 11:11:12] <dezell>	stonematt: we made the use cases more abstract from the originals.  Could we just roll-back the simplifications and refresh the link?
[Tue 11:11:56] <dezell>	Drummond:  Can't speak to that.  I think our team could provide information about our use cases.  I need to know the form and where to post.
[Tue 11:12:27] <dezell>	Richard: I think the examples are a good place to start.  Send it to Dan, Matt, Richard and we'll publish it.
[Tue 11:12:59] <Varn>	Google doc is better than what i said
[Tue 11:13:09] <dezell>	Drummond: we had a running Google-doc that we were collaborating on.  Can you share that reference?
[Tue 11:13:40] <agropper>	q+
[Tue 11:13:40] <voip-vctf>	agropper has been added to the queue: Drummond, agropper
[Tue 11:14:00] <burn>	ack Drummond
[Tue 11:14:00] <voip-vctf>	Drummond has the floor.
[Tue 11:14:35] <dezell>	stonematt:  we were hoping to call an AC vote in early december.  So next week we should review less-abstract use cases, right?
[Tue 11:14:57] <dezell>	stonematt:  I think one Google doc would be easiest.
[Tue 11:15:06] <dezell>	Richard:  who should coordinate?
[Tue 11:15:17] <Varn>	who did it last time?
[Tue 11:15:39] <burn>	Shane coordinated use cases last time
[Tue 11:16:05] <dezell>	Matt: I need to figure out how to share this document.
[Tue 11:16:16] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:16:16] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: agropper, dezell
[Tue 11:16:45] <burn>	ack agropper
[Tue 11:16:45] <voip-vctf>	agropper has the floor.
[Tue 11:16:58] <dlongley>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sTlymbzQ2zQsgnWDaNBXTq3aZ77RD_Jp5u9p9DLAcfA/edit
[Tue 11:17:05] <dlongley>	^new blank Google doc for use cases
[Tue 11:17:16] <dezell>	agropper:  I think the physician credentials use case is something I should add.
[Tue 11:17:31] *	burn thanks dlongley for getting us the doc link so fast
[Tue 11:18:00] <dezell>	Matt: yes, absolutely.  We want to focus the next deliverable on concrete and immediate use cases, not too much blue-sky.
[Tue 11:18:53] <dezell>	agropper:  right now to sign a script for a controlled substance, they need a fob.  They might need three fobs is they work in three places.  Is correcting this problem something we could address.
[Tue 11:19:27] <dezell>	agropper:  DEA audits at the institutional level, so each institution has to issue a fob - there's no standard.
[Tue 11:19:42] <dezell>	Matt:  same DEA number, but different fob?
[Tue 11:19:51] <dezell>	agropper:  yes.
[Tue 11:19:53] <dezell>	q?
[Tue 11:19:53] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: dezell
[Tue 11:20:01] <Drummond>	Q+
[Tue 11:20:04] <burn>	ack dezell
[Tue 11:20:04] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:20:08] <Drummond>	q+
[Tue 11:20:08] <voip-vctf>	Drummond has been added to the queue: Drummond
[Tue 11:20:37] *	burn got dropped -- rejoining in a sec
[Tue 11:20:45] <stonematt>	ack Drummond
[Tue 11:20:45] <voip-vctf>	Drummond has the floor.
[Tue 11:21:11] <dezell>	Drummond: KYC use cases have been talked to death?  Or is it something we want?
[Tue 11:21:25] <burn>	voip: 067 is DanBurnett
[Tue 11:21:30] <dezell>	Richard: W3C staff definitely wants that use case.
[Tue 11:21:45] <dlongley>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-comments/2016Nov/
[Tue 11:21:49] <dezell>	dlongley: concerns from AC are "what are the real world use cases".
[Tue 11:21:53] <dlongley>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-comments/2016Nov/0017.html
[Tue 11:21:57] <Varn>	another one mentioned was for retailers on loyalty programs.
[Tue 11:22:10] <Varn>	another was for c-stores for age verification
[Tue 11:22:36] <dezell>	dlongley:  these kinds of use cases are very important for anyone advocating.
[Tue 11:22:55] <Varn>	yes.  travel would be good as we have not had one before that i know of
[Tue 11:23:05] <dezell>	Drummond: do you want travel use cases?  Passports, emergency contact?
[Tue 11:23:32] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:23:32] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:23:36] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:23:36] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:23:42] <dezell>	Dlongley:  it's important to capture, but feedback from companies directly impacted by the work is the most important.
[Tue 11:23:53] <burn>	ack stonematt
[Tue 11:23:53] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:24:03] <Varn>	pearson and ETS will submit a joint one
[Tue 11:24:06] <Varn>	yes.
[Tue 11:24:24] <Varn>	q+
[Tue 11:24:24] <voip-vctf>	Varn has been added to the queue: Varn
[Tue 11:24:34] <dezell>	matt:  Players in the education space should contribute.  Can we get Pearson and ETS to submit?
[Tue 11:24:56] <burn>	ack Varn
[Tue 11:24:56] <voip-vctf>	Varn has the floor.
[Tue 11:25:11] <dezell>	Varn: yes we'll do that for education.  One reason we'll do that is we don't want vendor lock-in at any level of the process.
[Tue 11:25:16] <dezell> Ryladog: I will be happy to add an Accessibility use case for attesting privately that a person with disabilities meets the legal requirement of disabled to enable them to access public services
[Tue 11:25:45] <dezell>	Varn: have we covered this vendor lock-in adequately?
[Tue 11:26:01] <Varn>	we will add the problem of vendor lock in to the education case
[Tue 11:26:21] <Varn>	ok.  will do.
[Tue 11:26:23] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:26:23] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:26:36] <dezell>	Matt: it's a useful lens to put on the education use cases.  There are always many players/providers, and consistency is problematic.  Finance (payments) may have the same problems.
[Tue 11:26:38] <agropper>	q+
[Tue 11:26:38] <voip-vctf>	agropper has been added to the queue: dlongley, agropper
[Tue 11:26:46] <dezell>	q?
[Tue 11:26:46] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley, agropper
[Tue 11:26:46] <Varn>	got it.
[Tue 11:26:47] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 11:26:47] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley, agropper
[Tue 11:26:51] <burn>	ack dlongley
[Tue 11:26:51] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:27:25] *	ShaneM sorry folks - I got pulled into a list minute client meeting
[Tue 11:27:30] <Varn>	system agnosticism across systems as well as within sectors is important
[Tue 11:27:37] <stonematt>	+1
[Tue 11:27:41] <burn>	ack agropper
[Tue 11:27:41] <voip-vctf>	agropper has the floor.
[Tue 11:27:47] <dezell>	dlongley: work would help create an interoperable way to express and verify so that it works in many different situations.  It's a key way this work is new and different.
[Tue 11:28:26] <dezell>	agropper:  parties in education and healthcare are very diverse, and federation has failed in those cases.
[Tue 11:28:34] *	dlongley very important point to make, agropper
[Tue 11:28:41] <stonematt>	+1 to agropper
[Tue 11:28:42] *	donc (~donc@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:28:48] <dezell>	q?
[Tue 11:28:48] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:28:53] <Varn>	is it also true that federation is not practical across sectors?
[Tue 11:29:05] <dlongley>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sTlymbzQ2zQsgnWDaNBXTq3aZ77RD_Jp5u9p9DLAcfA/edit
[Tue 11:29:21] <Drummond>	q+
[Tue 11:29:21] <voip-vctf>	Drummond has been added to the queue: Drummond
[Tue 11:29:30] <Varn>	we need a retailer
[Tue 11:29:38] <dezell>	Matt:  so there is a google doc, is it enough to have one explicit case for education, healthcare, and KYC as the seminal use cases?
[Tue 11:29:53] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:29:53] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: Drummond, dezell
[Tue 11:29:55] <burn>	ack Drummond
[Tue 11:29:55] <voip-vctf>	Drummond has the floor.
[Tue 11:30:52] <burn>	ack dezell
[Tue 11:30:52] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:30:55] <dezell>	Drummond:  I agree that these cases need to be compelling.  I'll try to get our guys to contribute those use cases.
[Tue 11:31:40] <burn>	dezell: working on getting merchant use case.  May not have by Friday.  Merchant ucs are not the same as payment UCs.  I will send a merchant UC this week.
[Tue 11:31:46] <burn>	q+
[Tue 11:31:46] <voip-vctf>	burn has been added to the queue: burn
[Tue 11:31:47] <stonematt>	Drummond: would like to have a template that we can use to fill use case content.
[Tue 11:31:49] <burn>	q-
[Tue 11:31:49] <voip-vctf>	burn has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 11:31:57] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 11:31:57] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:31:57] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:31:57] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:31:58] <Drummond>	Drummond asks if someone can seed the document with one or two use cases in the format that the group recommends, as then we can try to make sure the others follow that same structure.
[Tue 11:32:08] <burn>	ack stonematt
[Tue 11:32:08] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:32:32] <dezell>	Matt: can we steal from existing use case docs?  A template that the AC might recognize?
[Tue 11:32:38] <dlongley>	https://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/use-cases/#finance
[Tue 11:32:41] <dlongley>	^existing use caes
[Tue 11:32:42] <dlongley>	cases
[Tue 11:32:42] <gkellogg>	Existing Use Cases: https://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/use-cases/
[Tue 11:32:53] <Drummond>	A template would be perfect, especially if you already have one.
[Tue 11:33:02] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:33:02] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:33:03] <stonematt>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/use-cases/#uc-issuing-claims
[Tue 11:33:41] <dezell>	Matt: I'll take one of these examples after the call see what's useful and move it over to googledoc.
[Tue 11:34:03] <dezell>	Matt: work we did last summer was pretty good.  Hate to reinvent anything.
[Tue 11:34:35] <dezell>	dlongley: we just need to get people to step up to say "xyz is important to my company" and demonstrate how the work is relevant.
[Tue 11:34:48] <dezell>	q?
[Tue 11:34:48] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:34:53] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:34:53] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:34:56] <dezell>	Matt:
[Tue 11:35:03] <burn>	ack stonematt
[Tue 11:35:03] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:35:58] <dezell>	Matt:  that begs the question - how do we actually respond?  For those of us who represent specific organizations, we are looking to begin work on certain use cases.
[Tue 11:36:02] <dlongley>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-comments/2016Nov/0017.html
[Tue 11:36:26] <gkellogg>	+1 to dlongley, it reinforces the work already done to reference existing use cases.
[Tue 11:36:59] <burn>	+1 as well.  The work has already been done.  Now we just need the direct link between organizations and UCs that are crucial to them.
[Tue 11:37:01] <dezell>	Dlongley: Nate's email was convincing to the the AC reps about how this work helps.  This kind of testimonial is important.  Explaining how this work will help, whereas other work has not will really move us forward.
[Tue 11:37:44] <stonematt>	dlongley:  Nate's response: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-comments/2016Nov/0017.html
[Tue 11:38:02] <dezell>	Matt: so we can use this response as a template.
[Tue 11:38:04] <dlongley>	and Microsoft's response to Nate: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-comments/2016Nov/0019.html
[Tue 11:38:27] <dezell>	Dan: don't respond to that one, but use it as a template.
[Tue 11:38:33] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:38:33] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dezell
[Tue 11:38:42] <burn>	ack dezell
[Tue 11:38:42] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:39:48] <dlongley>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-comments/2016Nov/0007.html
[Tue 11:40:03] <dlongley>	"David Ezell once explained that you're proposing essentially a new architectural layer to glue them together.  That sounds promising, but it's not obvious to me as a non-specialist how this relates to the architecture diagram in the VC WG proposal."
[Tue 11:40:35] <burn>	dezell:  Mike Champion mentioned something in a thread that I had explained to him.  I had called him directly.  I gave Mike concrete examples of what we need and why.  The AC reps want to know why SAML didn't work for our requirements (or how it didn't solve 100% of our requirements).  As a group we know what we are talking about.
[Tue 11:40:42] *	dezell ty
[Tue 11:40:49] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 11:40:49] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:41:05] <Varn>	q+
[Tue 11:41:05] <voip-vctf>	Varn has been added to the queue: Varn
[Tue 11:41:12] <burn>	ack Varn
[Tue 11:41:12] <voip-vctf>	Varn has the floor.
[Tue 11:42:04] <dlongley>	+1 to Richard
[Tue 11:42:06] <dezell>	Richard:  want to reinforce - practical, not technical responses may carry the day.  The problem remains that there's no overall header that says "this is a claim, and here's how it's organized."  We need one way to present it and share it.
[Tue 11:42:21] <stonematt>	+1 richard
[Tue 11:42:45] *	dlongley and so those systems can be written *once*
[Tue 11:42:46] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:42:46] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:42:48] <dezell>	Richard:  I think that's our primary mission.  Even though we're competitors, we want all claims from everyone to be able to be verified.
[Tue 11:42:51] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:42:51] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:43:06] <burn>	ack stonematt
[Tue 11:43:07] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:43:51] <dezell>	Matt:  to add to that - the essential ingredient we're adding to the solution space, we're giving control to the original earner, and acknowledging that the federated approach hasn't worked in the solution space.
[Tue 11:44:00] <Varn>	+1
[Tue 11:44:04] <dlongley>	+1 to Matt
[Tue 11:44:04] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:44:04] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: dezell
[Tue 11:44:13] <burn>	ack dezell
[Tue 11:44:13] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:44:58] <Varn>	dezell: web servers was another place where federation did not work
[Tue 11:45:57] <dezell>	Richard:  I think we can call this item done.  Anything we didn't do?
[Tue 11:46:13] <dezell>	Richard:  other agenda items?
[Tue 11:46:26] <dezell>	Matt: can we say what's happening in the next 3-5 days?
[Tue 11:47:02] <dezell>	Richard:  4 people will submit sections to the google doc with concrete reasons why they are challenged with current systems and looking forward to VC.
[Tue 11:47:32] <dezell>	...: also in the next 3 to 4 days, all the group should look at those and be prepared to approve or disapprove at our next meeting.
[Tue 11:48:02] <stonematt>	contributors use explicit use cases?  Stone, Varn, Drummond and who?
[Tue 11:48:30] <Drummond>	Yes, I'm one of them (although I'm going to delegate it within the Evernym product group)
[Tue 11:48:44] <dezell>	...: also find and recirculate Phil Archer's email and make sure expectations are understood.
[Tue 11:49:01] *	burn thinks dezell did a good job with names 
[Tue 11:49:02] <dezell>	dezell:  I'm the 4th volunteer.
[Tue 11:49:11] *	dlongley yeah, i think you did pretty well with the names :)
[Tue 11:49:19] *	dezell never insult the scribe :-)
[Tue 11:49:42] <stonematt>	+1 dezell
[Tue 11:49:50] *	dezell when is the next meeting?
[Tue 11:50:14] <dezell>	Matt: Brian is next scribe.  Next meeting is one week from today, eastern (15 Nov).
[Tue 11:50:55] <dezell>	Varn: suggest we won't meet Thanksgiving week.
[Tue 11:50:58] <Drummond>	Agreed not to meet Thanksgiving week
[Tue 11:51:08] <dezell>	No meeting 22 Nov.
[Tue 11:51:16] <voip-vctf>	present+ kellogg
[Tue 11:51:17] <voip-vctf>	present+ Migus
[Tue 11:51:17] <voip-vctf>	present+ Longley
[Tue 11:51:18] <voip-vctf>	present+ Trainer
[Tue 11:51:18] <voip-vctf>	present+ Ezell
[Tue 11:51:21] <voip-vctf>	present+ Ryladog
[Tue 11:51:22] <voip-vctf>	present+ Reed
[Tue 11:51:22] <voip-vctf>	present+ Lehn
[Tue 11:51:23] <voip-vctf>	present+ Gropper
[Tue 11:51:24] <voip-vctf>	present+ Varn
[Tue 11:52:30] <voip-vctf>	present+ Chasen
[Tue 11:52:30] <voip-vctf>	present+ Stone
[Tue 11:53:18] <voip-vctf>	present+ Lake
[Tue 11:53:18] <voip-vctf>	present+ Rossi
[Tue 11:53:27] <voip-vctf>	No one is in the conference.
