[Tue 11:04:56] <burn>	Scribe: burn
[Tue 11:05:50] <burn>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Jan/0046.html
[Tue 11:06:02] <burn>	Topic:  Agenda Review and Introductions
[Tue 11:06:27] <stonematt>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:06:28] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: JoeAndrieu [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009a], John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000009b], DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009c], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000009d], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.174-0000009e], amigus [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009f], RichardVarn [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a0], GropperGropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a1], JonnyCrunch [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a2], ottonomy [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a3], Matt Stone
[Tue 11:06:28] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/sip.linphone.org-000000a6], ShaneM [SIP/callcentric.com-000000a7].
[Tue 11:06:33] <voip-vctf>	Adam Lake [SIP/66.37.89.86-000000a9] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:50] <burn>	burn: want to give heads up about starting requirements at some point on the call
[Tue 11:07:00] *	erkorb_rm (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:07:26] <voip-vctf>	Adam Lake [SIP/66.37.89.86-000000a9] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:07:34] <voip-vctf>	Adam Lake [SIP/66.37.89.86-000000aa] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:40] <voip-vctf>	19082515759 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000ab] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:56] <stonematt>	burn: will start a process to move from use cases to requirements
[Tue 11:08:05] <stonematt>	burn: look for email this week.
[Tue 11:08:22] <stonematt>	burn: purpose it to focus on the work on datamodel and syntax document
[Tue 11:08:56] <burn>	Topic: Status of Verifiable Claims WG creation
[Tue 11:09:18] <voip-vctf>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000000ac] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:23] <burn>	manu: no update.  Chairs should reach out and take over getting updates from them.
[Tue 11:09:42] <burn>	... Wendy Seltzer, Phil Archer, and Dave Raggett.  Will put you in touch with them.
[Tue 11:10:01] <burn>	Topic: Possible VCWG F2F week of March 21st 2017

[Tue 11:11:20] <burn>	manu: considering March 21st because of other groups meeting in Chicago that week (payments, etc.).  Proposal is to tack onto the beginning of their week.  VCWG, then Web Payments IG (incl. digital offers), then Web Payments WG
[Tue 11:12:02] <burn>	... would be Tue/Wed for most of us, then payments for others.  if we want to do this, we need to announce and get a venue.  Does group want to commit to meeting then?
[Tue 11:12:07] <ShaneM>	There might be another venue option too - dezell had some ideas.
[Tue 11:12:14] <ottonomy>	Is w3c membership required for this proposed meeting?
[Tue 11:12:34] <burn>	Joe:  is meeting open to the public?
[Tue 11:12:45] <burn>	manu:  no, member only.
[Tue 11:13:01] <burn>	matt: chairs can make exceptions for guests/visitors
[Tue 11:13:45] <burn>	manu:  the policy for Invited Experts has changed recently.  Verify with W3C.  IPR concerns are always an issue.
[Tue 11:14:19] <burn>	... can ask, but may be difficult.
[Tue 11:14:56] <manu>	burn: This is one of the reasons for future meetings like this, we may want to do this, future decision, we need to start planning process earlier. If we're always going to be meeting w/ WPIG, we need to work with them for determination of dates.
[Tue 11:15:16] <stonematt>	burn: for future meetings, we need to start planning sooner.  And coordinate w/ the Payments group if we're going to generally align dates
[Tue 11:16:24] <stonematt>	manu: this is as soon as we could do begin in this case.  payments just announced
[Tue 11:16:35] <manu>	burn: Don't want this to be a surprise in the future, we need to have a meeting when the VCWG forms, we need to know about this stuff as early as possible.
[Tue 11:16:52] <stonematt>	burn: thought our group was going to be a "public" group.
[Tue 11:17:07] <ottonomy>	Alternative: Digital Badges & Credentials Summit in Orlando, Feb 28, open to the public, but part of IMS Digital Badges & Credentials initiative, to be followed by other meetings that are limited to IMS members..
[Tue 11:18:13] <ottonomy>	We could probably get free space Wednesday March 1 during the Open Badges Community meeting, which is looking sparsely attended. Good chance this group would be welcome if we move quickly.
[Tue 11:18:19] <ottonomy>	https://www.imsglobal.org/event/ims-february-2017-quarterly-meeting-and-summit-digital-credentials-and-badges
[Tue 11:18:33] <gkellogg>	q+
[Tue 11:18:33] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: gkellogg
[Tue 11:18:49] <stonematt>	ack gkellogg
[Tue 11:18:49] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Tue 11:18:55] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:18:55] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:19:12] <burn>	gkellogg: what about policiies around the mailing list(s)?  Have they changed?
[Tue 11:19:35] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:19:35] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:19:38] <burn>	manu:  not that I know of.  The are member-only lists for IPR-related discussions, but not for the general list.
[Tue 11:19:51] <ShaneM>	q+ to talk about contributions
[Tue 11:19:51] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: ShaneM
[Tue 11:20:01] <stonematt>	ack ShaneM
[Tue 11:20:01] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor (to talk about contributions).
[Tue 11:20:02] <burn>	gkellogg:  if we encourage the use of email then that gives us an opportunity to be fairly open.
[Tue 11:20:09] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:20:09] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:20:48] <burn>	shane: it is not just the monetary value of members.  There are also IPR commitments that are needed.
[Tue 11:21:05] <burn>	... W3C is concerned about this.
[Tue 11:21:25] <stonematt>	voip: connections
[Tue 11:21:25] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: JoeAndrieu [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009a], John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000009b], DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009c], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000009d], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.174-0000009e], amigus [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009f], RichardVarn [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a0], GropperGropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a1], JonnyCrunch [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a2], ottonomy [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a3], Matt Stone
[Tue 11:21:25] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/sip.linphone.org-000000a6], ShaneM [SIP/callcentric.com-000000a7], Adam Lake [SIP/66.37.89.86-000000aa], 19082515759 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000ab], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000000ac].
[Tue 11:22:32] <stonematt>	voip: 0ab is Korb
[Tue 11:22:32] <voip-vctf>	Associated Korb with SIP/69.65.34.216-000000ab.
[Tue 11:23:05] *	ottonomy has quit ("My MacBook Pro has gone to sleep. ZZZzzzâ€¦")
[Tue 11:23:12] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:23:12] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:23:14] *	manu +1 for Chicago meeting.
[Tue 11:23:26] <burn>	burn: yes, the chairs will be monitoring visitors to ensure that comments from them do not cause potential IPR risks for others.  Contributions will have to satisfy W3C IPR disclosure requirements.
[Tue 11:23:50] <ShaneM>	+1 for a meeting on 21 March in Chicago.
[Tue 11:23:50] <burn>	shane:  is it okay with Staff Contact for us to have such a meeting?  Can they attend?
[Tue 11:23:52] <stonematt>	todo: (chair) confirm/coordinate w/ staff contact can participate
[Tue 11:24:10] <burn>	Action: Chairs to verify with Staff contacts that meeting is okay and they can attend.
[Tue 11:24:28] <gkellogg>	+1
[Tue 11:24:31] <JohnTib>	unsure of attendance at this time
[Tue 11:24:31] <ShaneM>	+1
[Tue 11:24:33] <manu>	+1 for Chicago meeting VCWG
[Tue 11:24:39] <stonematt>	+1 for Chicago
[Tue 11:24:39] <burn>	stonematt:  who thinsk we shoudl have this meeting?
[Tue 11:24:46] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:24:46] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:24:47] <adamlake>	+1
[Tue 11:24:53] <agropper>	busy
[Tue 11:25:16] <burn>	stonematt:  any objections?
[Tue 11:25:19] <agropper>	-1
[Tue 11:25:23] <jonnycrunch>	abstain, not a member yet.
[Tue 11:25:31] <JohnTib>	+1 for having a meeting; ? if I can attend
[Tue 11:25:37] <ShaneM>	(I note that I am happy meeting another time - this was just convenient and it was my idea)
[Tue 11:25:51] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:25:51] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:26:05] <burn>	burn:  we will also verify on the list for those who are not on today's call.
[Tue 11:26:40] <burn>	stonematt:  there is sufficient interest for us to contact Staff Contacts about this.
[Tue 11:27:14] <jonnycrunch>	I'm still trying to convince the ABMS to become a member.  If unsuccessful, I will consider joining myself.
[Tue 11:26:50] <burn>	Topic: Use Cases Framework Discussion
[Tue 11:27:07] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:27:07] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:27:32] <burn>	joe: last week we focused on the prescription use case.  questions came up about privacy.
[Tue 11:27:35] <JoeAndrieu>	http://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/ir/2017/NIST.IR.8062.pdf
[Tue 11:27:41] *	stonematt thanks jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:28:00] <burn>	joe: we will discuss privacy engineering around this use case today.
[Tue 11:28:10] <burn>	... anyone familiar with this approach?
[Tue 11:28:29] <amigus>	me
[Tue 11:28:29] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:28:29] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:28:30] <burn>	amigus: yes, I am
[Tue 11:28:35] *	dlongley Adam Migus
[Tue 11:29:34] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:29:35] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:30:07] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000000ad] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:30:39] <burn>	... reading Gropper's use case, what are the domains in this use case and what is available for correlation across those domains.
[Tue 11:30:39] *	manu the feedback is adam migus
[Tue 11:31:27] <burn>	... there are phyiscian, patient, pharmacist, deliverer, state monitoring service,
[Tue 11:31:40] <burn>	... adam, are these the entities?
[Tue 11:32:02] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:32:02] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:32:35] <burn>	john:  sometimes it would be service and sometimes a person who would reviewer.  The PVMP is a registry, the physician is a person.
[Tue 11:33:03] <burn>	joe: (missed)
[Tue 11:33:08] <jonnycrunch>	Rx monitoring is a service, but Dr. needs to review the Rx history for the patient.
[Tue 11:33:17] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:33:17] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:33:19] <voip-vctf>	Adam Lake [SIP/66.37.89.86-000000aa] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:33:31] <voip-vctf>	Adam Lake [SIP/66.37.89.86-000000ae] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:33:34] *	Adam_ (~adamlake@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:33:45] <stonematt>	voip: connections
[Tue 11:33:45] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: JoeAndrieu [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009a], John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000009b], DanBurnett [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009c], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000009d], Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.174-0000009e], amigus [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000009f], RichardVarn [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a0], GropperGropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a1], JonnyCrunch [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a2], ottonomy [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000a3], Matt Stone
[Tue 11:33:45] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/sip.linphone.org-000000a6], ShaneM [SIP/callcentric.com-000000a7], Korb [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000ab], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000000ac], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000000ad], Adam Lake [SIP/66.37.89.86-000000ae].
[Tue 11:33:48] <burn>	migus: insurance not needed in the simplest possible case, but for completeness yes.
[Tue 11:34:06] <burn>	... patient is allowed to pay cash by law
[Tue 11:34:22] <burn>	joe: what info does the insurance system need in this transaction.
[Tue 11:34:57] <burn>	migus: insurance introduces formulary that physician may want to consult.  so adds two layers.
[Tue 11:35:18] <burn>	joe: formulary is what insurance will pay for (and how much)
[Tue 11:35:23] <jonnycrunch>	also consider the person picking up the Rx, could be a family member of care giver.
[Tue 11:35:26] <voip-vctf>	Adam Lake [SIP/66.37.89.86-000000ae] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:35:58] <burn>	... two external domains: pharma and marketing firms (not inside trust boundary).  anything else?
[Tue 11:36:01] <jonnycrunch>	q+
[Tue 11:36:01] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has been added to the queue: jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:36:24] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:36:24] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:37:00] <burn>	holt: learning systems in medicine that monitor for adverse reactions (eventually).  ongoing monitoring methods, but we can leave off for now.
[Tue 11:37:49] <burn>	migus: a complete list would include adverse drug reports to FDA, for devices would need their identifiers to be tracked as well .  both extetrnal registries
[Tue 11:38:01] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:38:01] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:38:05] <burn>	joe:  they are similar actors in that they prescribe these.
[Tue 11:38:06] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:38:06] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: jonnycrunch, stonematt
[Tue 11:38:29] <jonnycrunch>	also, labs in the future world of Pharmacogenomics,  genome-informed medicine.  Future work.
[Tue 11:38:29] <burn>	migus:  devices are required to have serial numbers by law
[Tue 11:38:37] *	adamlake has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:38:42] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:38:42] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: jonnycrunch, stonematt
[Tue 11:39:12] <burn>	joe: prescription, delivery address, and patient id.  any other data we need to track?
[Tue 11:39:22] <stonematt>	ack jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:39:22] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has the floor.
[Tue 11:39:40] <burn>	holt: person picking up prescription (caregiver, etc.).
[Tue 11:39:45] <burn>	joe:  different from deliverer?
[Tue 11:40:06] <burn>	holt:  deliverer is pharmacy.
[Tue 11:40:24] <burn>	joe: delivery services are because pharmacy may give to someone to deliver
[Tue 11:40:27] <manu>	q+ richard
[Tue 11:40:27] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: stonematt, richard
[Tue 11:40:38] *	Rob_Trainer (~Rob_Trainer@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:40:41] <stonematt>	ack richard
[Tue 11:40:41] <voip-vctf>	richard has the floor.
[Tue 11:40:45] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:40:45] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt
[Tue 11:41:09] <burn>	richard: what about generic category of agent?  Could be patient, caregiver, etc. who takes care of picking up, ordering, etc.
[Tue 11:41:26] <burn>	... we may not know every possible function in advance.
[Tue 11:41:28] <agropper>	the pharmacy can deliver to the physician so only the physician knows the patient - as in giving out samples
[Tue 11:41:29] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:41:29] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt
[Tue 11:42:00] <burn>	joe:  sounds good.  historically delegation is complex.  delivery service/caregiver do fit under agent.
[Tue 11:42:03] <manu>	q+ on danger of "Agent"
[Tue 11:42:04] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: stonematt, manu
[Tue 11:42:26] <burn>	stone: regarding adverse drug reactions, this seems like a new use case that would require deeper access
[Tue 11:42:48] <amigus>	q+
[Tue 11:42:48] <voip-vctf>	amigus has been added to the queue: stonematt, manu, amigus
[Tue 11:42:49] <burn>	... let's not get too far away from delivering prescription
[Tue 11:42:53] *	burn duh, thanks manu
[Tue 11:43:31] *	Rob_Trainer has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:43:42] <burn>	... don't go into what an adverse reaction is.  don't guess about what we need to deliver to them.
[Tue 11:44:07] <burn>	joe: data set: prescrition, delivery address, patient info. anything else?
[Tue 11:44:41] <burn>	nate: does PII include previous prescriptions?
[Tue 11:45:04] <burn>	joe: not in my definition.  is there a link in this prescription to prior ones?
[Tue 11:45:30] <burn>	migus:  no.  in practice dr might consult a registry but that doesn't need to be part of the use case.
[Tue 11:45:43] <stonematt>	correlation?
[Tue 11:45:57] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:45:57] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt, manu, amigus
[Tue 11:46:03] <burn>	joe: part of what we don't want correlation around is between this and other prescriptions.
[Tue 11:46:04] <stonematt>	ack stonematt
[Tue 11:46:04] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:46:15] <burn>	migus:  we want to control but not prevent.
[Tue 11:46:15] <stonematt>	ack agropper
[Tue 11:46:15] <voip-vctf>	agropper isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:46:25] <manu>	q-
[Tue 11:46:29] <manu>	q- manu
[Tue 11:46:30] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue: amigus
[Tue 11:46:30] <voip-vctf>	manu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:46:33] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:46:33] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: amigus
[Tue 11:46:42] <burn>	... in the opioid case we want to control for this even though no registry is implied.
[Tue 11:47:15] <burn>	joe: so maybe we need to monitor this as a data item.
[Tue 11:47:21] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:47:21] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: amigus
[Tue 11:47:27] <burn>	... delivery address and patient identity also
[Tue 11:47:37] <stonematt>	ack amigus
[Tue 11:47:37] <voip-vctf>	amigus has the floor.
[Tue 11:48:18] <burn>	migus: use agent and take delegation out of it.  context and data actions are important and need to be dealt with separately.
[Tue 11:48:36] <burn>	... if data actions are different with two prescriptions separate them.
[Tue 11:48:49] <manu>	+1 to what Adam Migus just said
[Tue 11:49:04] <burn>	joe: let's make agency out of scope for this use case.
[Tue 11:49:04] <stonematt>	+1
[Tue 11:49:30] <burn>	Gropper: fine by me.  have to deal with phys giving out samples.  there is no pharmacy here.
[Tue 11:49:51] <burn>	joe:  will include items that are out of scope for certain use cases but included in general
[Tue 11:50:09] <burn>	... in each domain, need to identiy actions that occur in those domains.
[Tue 11:50:18] <burn>	migus:  context and domain are different.
[Tue 11:51:10] <burn>	... if we have either/or situations, deal with them using separate data actions.
[Tue 11:51:36] <burn>	joe: re privacy, are there different contexts or a single one?
[Tue 11:51:56] <burn>	migus: each use case has a context associated with it.
[Tue 11:52:09] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:52:09] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:52:12] <burn>	joe: UC should have a single context.
[Tue 11:52:29] *	ottonomy (~ottonomy@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:52:39] <burn>	migus: the UC then would have data that traverses from domain to domain.  context is relationship between dr and prescribee, for example
[Tue 11:53:17] <ottonomy>	+1 to selecting a specific use case from the cluster of options (i.e. explicitly deciding whether this case is controlled substance vs not, who the delivery agent works for, etc.)
[Tue 11:53:49] <burn>	... Sean (sp?) Brooks has spreadsheets that walk through the entire privacy process.  Should I get those for us to use?  I don't know if they're public.  If we can use them they will really help this kind of discussion.  I'll try.
[Tue 11:53:52] <manu>	+1 to following the worksheets.
[Tue 11:53:54] <burn>	joe:  great!
[Tue 11:54:04] <burn>	migus: will get back to you.
[Tue 11:54:12] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:54:12] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:55:04] <burn>	joe: there are references to registries here and assumptions around credentials.  How do we know Dr is authorized to prescribe
[Tue 11:55:10] <manu>	q+ to discuss next steps and how this discussion is being captured?
[Tue 11:55:10] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:55:15] <jonnycrunch>	q+
[Tue 11:55:15] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has been added to the queue: manu, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:55:24] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:55:24] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:56:09] <burn>	Gropper: yep, very important.  for controlled substances, ability to e-sign is dealt with by the Dr's employer.  For others it is entirely at ?? discretion
[Tue 11:56:35] <burn>	... In typical case, checking credentials is at the option of the pharmacy.
[Tue 11:56:53] <burn>	joe: can we pick one? (controlled or not, for this UC)
[Tue 11:57:02] <burn>	migus:  yes, that was my point.  pick one.
[Tue 11:57:05] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:57:05] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:57:12] <burn>	Gropper:  we have to do both.
[Tue 11:57:39] <burn>	migus: Start with non-controlled, then build a second UC on top for controlled.
[Tue 11:57:54] <jonnycrunch>	Agree, do both.
[Tue 11:57:56] <burn>	... assuming controlled is more complex.
[Tue 11:58:13] <stonematt>	ack manu
[Tue 11:58:13] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to discuss next steps and how this discussion is being captured?).
[Tue 11:58:28] *	ShaneM notes that the W3C has an 8 week requirement on f2f meeting announcements... so 21 march actualy cannot work by process.  At least that's my concern - stonematt
[Tue 11:58:44] <burn>	manu: so what's next?  joe needs to write up a summary of the discussion and point people to it.
[Tue 11:59:06] <burn>	... will we have a google doc summarizing this or the worksheets adam mentioned?
[Tue 11:59:09] *	stonematt ShaneM thanks for the heads up
[Tue 11:59:23] <burn>	joe: will put my notes in the github issue. should it be somewhere else?
[Tue 11:59:26] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:59:26] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:59:27] <burn>	manu:  use cases
[Tue 11:59:43] <burn>	... (use case issue)
[Tue 12:00:23] <burn>	holt:  for non-controlled it's often still done via fax.  Controlled is more interesting.
[Tue 12:00:30] <stonematt>	action: Joe Andrieu will update issues in github use cases repo.
[Tue 12:00:33] *	gkellogg got to go on to next meeting
[Tue 12:00:40] <voip-vctf>	Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.174-0000009e] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:57] <burn>	... Need to do both, non-controlled first.
[Tue 12:01:16] <amigus>	ok
[Tue 12:00:57] <burn>	Present+ kellogg, longley, lehn, sporny, mccarron, andrieu, tibbetts, migus, varn, otto, stone, korb, trainer, gropper, lake
