[Tue 12:01:58] <ChristopherA>	agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Sep/0005.html
[Tue 12:01:58] <ChristopherA>	Date: 2017-09-04
[Tue 12:02:29] <kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/w3c-ccg.github.io/blob/master/connecting.md
[Tue 12:02:31] <voip-ccg>	nage [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000233] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:02:40] <voip-ccg>	14153505140 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000232] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:02:43] *	squarfed (~squarfed@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:02:50] <kimhd>	Scribe list: https://goo.gl/WVHuDh
[Tue 12:03:38] *	webber dlongleymuch fancier looking now :)
[Tue 12:04:01] <voip-ccg>	Michael Lodder [SIP/evernym.onsip.com-00000234] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:04:51] *	mike-lodder (~mike-lodder@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:05:02] <manu>	scribe: manu
[Tue 12:05:15] <kimhd>	IRC chat: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/w3c-ccg.github.io/blob/master/irc_ref.md
[Tue 12:05:34] <voip-ccg>	15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000236] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:05:36] <manu>	Topic: Agenda Review
[Tue 12:05:49] <squarfed>	voip: 236 is squarfed
[Tue 12:05:49] <voip-ccg>	Associated squarfed with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000236.
[Tue 12:06:02] <kimhd>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:06:02] <voip-ccg>	Conference participants are: 16462345693 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000222], kimhd [SIP/73.193.23.65-00000226], rgrant [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000227], David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000228], andrewhughes [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000229], mosesm [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000022b], 12166186275 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000022a], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-0000022e], Chris Webber [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000022f], ChristopherA [SIP/10.0.1.4-00000230], Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-00000231], nage
[Tue 12:06:02] <voip-ccg>	[SIP/sip2sip.info-00000233], 14153505140 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000232], Michael Lodder [SIP/evernym.onsip.com-00000234], squarfed [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000236].
[Tue 12:06:03] <manu>	kimhd: Action item status, then update on ActivityPub and Mastadon, then DID spec issues updates/reviews.
[Tue 12:06:10] *	jarlath (~jarlath@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:06:34] <manu>	ChristopherA: This month we're leading up to RWoT... so we're going to be concentrating the next couple of meetings on items that are under development/consideration at RWoT... particularly, DIDs.
[Tue 12:06:38] <voip-ccg>	972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000237] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:06:44] <manu>	ChristopherA: If there is anything else that folks would like to cover, please let us know.
[Tue 12:07:07] <voip-ccg>	Gargron [SIP/192.168.188.28-00000238] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:07:07] *	lionel (~lionel@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:07:09] *	manu fine with scribing today :)
[Tue 12:07:15] *	manu but thx lionel :)
[Tue 12:07:34] <voip-ccg>	Gargron [SIP/192.168.188.28-00000238] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:07:42] <kimhd>	voip: 237 is lionel
[Tue 12:07:42] <voip-ccg>	Associated lionel with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000237.
[Tue 12:07:54] *	manu Gargron - make sure you're not using a proxy... or use a proxy... the problem is either you're not using one... or you're using one. :)
[Tue 12:08:00] <manu>	Topic: Introductions / Re-introductions
[Tue 12:08:10] <manu>	kimhd: Andrew Hughes, please reintroduce yourself
[Tue 12:08:37] <manu>	Hughes: Hi, Andrew - do a lot of work in Kantara Initiative, looking at new ways of using things like Deccentralized Identifiers as a way of general purpose identification on the Internet.
[Tue 12:08:43] <manu>	Topic: Action Item Review
[Tue 12:08:57] <manu>	kimhd: Round robin to let us know how things are going...
[Tue 12:09:17] <manu>	kimhd: We'll skip Joe and DavidC because they're not on the call. We'll get on to DIDs later in this call.
[Tue 12:09:21] <manu>	kimhd: Data minimization? 
[Tue 12:09:29] <manu>	lionel: No progress on my side... 
[Tue 12:09:53] <manu>	ChristopherA: I'll send information that I sent to Kim on Friday... pairs of things to talk about things - pairs perspective.
[Tue 12:10:13] <manu>	lionel: Let's use RWoT as an anchor so we can build inventory and run a session at RWoT on this topic.
[Tue 12:10:49] <voip-ccg>	Andrew Hughes [SIP/192.168.2.8-00000239] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:10:50] <manu>	kimhd: Finish propagating new name and mission statement - mission is out, people are being notified at W3C. Asking for feedback from W3C-types - mission s tatement is on CCG web page... good after final email notifications go out.
[Tue 12:11:12] <dlongley>	manu: I think it was to contact NYTimes,etc. and I failed to do that, but it's on my TODO list, I'll get to it at some point.
[Tue 12:11:16] <voip-ccg>	Andrew Hughes [SIP/192.168.2.8-00000239] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:11:23] <manu>	kimhd: TPAC - any updates there?
[Tue 12:11:25] <mosesm>	q+
[Tue 12:11:25] <voip-ccg>	mosesm has been added to the queue: mosesm
[Tue 12:11:25] <voip-ccg>	Andrew Hughes [SIP/192.168.2.8-0000023a] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:11:32] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:11:32] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: mosesm
[Tue 12:11:37] <manu>	ChristopherA: It's an agenda item coming up real fast - they need to know if we're interested in speaking soon.
[Tue 12:11:43] <manu>	q+ to discuss opportunities at TPAC.
[Tue 12:11:43] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: mosesm, manu
[Tue 12:11:52] <voip-ccg>	Andrew Hughes [SIP/192.168.2.8-0000023a] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:11:55] <manu>	ChristopherA: We can talk in VCWG - we could talk to entire community.
[Tue 12:12:05] <manu>	ack mosesm 
[Tue 12:12:05] <voip-ccg>	mosesm has the floor.
[Tue 12:12:07] <kimhd>	ack mosesm
[Tue 12:12:07] <voip-ccg>	mosesm isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:12:18] <mike-lodder>	Q?
[Tue 12:12:22] <mike-lodder>	q?
[Tue 12:12:22] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:12:35] <dlongley>	q+ to give quick update on credential handler API progress
[Tue 12:12:35] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been added to the queue: manu, dlongley
[Tue 12:12:40] <voip-ccg>	12508889474 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000023b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:12:44] <kimhd>	ack manu
[Tue 12:12:44] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to discuss opportunities at TPAC.).
[Tue 12:12:45] <manu>	Moses: Manu, can you send out Fake News email to get folks involved.
[Tue 12:12:55] <kimhd>	kim scribing for Manu
[Tue 12:13:07] <kimhd>	manu: 3 opportunities for TPAC
[Tue 12:13:53] <voip-ccg>	972545664271 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000023c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:14:04] <kimhd>	...1. weds entire community gets together. 10 minutes to say what you're trying to do. Be careful. Need to coordinate with VC group to make sure unified message. 300-400 pppl in room. no time for details
[Tue 12:14:30] <kimhd>	...2. run a breakout session. ~1 hour. more thorough update on where things are
[Tue 12:14:42] <kimhd>	...used in the past to convince other members of approach
[Tue 12:14:56] <kimhd>	...longer forum; 20-50 ppl in general
[Tue 12:15:11] *	SeanBohan_Evernym has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:15:18] <kimhd>	3. Thurs/Fri many will be in VCWG. Talk to chairs to stake out time to talk about next steps.
[Tue 12:15:29] <kimhd>	...indicate where we're heading
[Tue 12:15:41] <kimhd>	...if we can do all 3 that's best
[Tue 12:15:54] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:15:54] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley
[Tue 12:16:01] <kimhd>	ack dlongley
[Tue 12:16:01] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has the floor (to give quick update on credential handler API progress).
[Tue 12:16:15] <dlongley>	https://credential-repository.demo.digitalbazaar.com/
[Tue 12:16:48] <manu>	dlongley: Quick update on credential handler API - it's coming along - polyfill implementation coming on nicely. Demo seems to be working on Edge, Firefox, Chrome, etc. It probably doens't work in Safari - looking for feedback - link to Credential Handler API repo is here:
[Tue 12:16:49] <dlongley>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/credential-handler-api
[Tue 12:17:04] <manu>	dlongley: looking for feedback on shape of API
[Tue 12:17:13] <manu>	kimhd: The Chairs will talk about TPAC.
[Tue 12:17:19] <manu>	Topic: ActivityPub and Mastadon
[Tue 12:18:06] <webber>	https://www.w3.org/TR/activitypub/#Overview
[Tue 12:18:07] *	lionel has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:18:18] <manu>	webber: ActivityPub is a standard that W3C has been working on for a while - SocialWG is working on it - federated social networking system. I fyou want to build alternative to YouTube, Flickr, Twitter, etc., you can use these APIs to build stuff out - it includes a client/server protocol to build mobile and desktop applications to talk to server. 
[Tue 12:19:05] <manu>	webber: For this group, the server-to-server model is more interesting. It uses a Linked Data model - it's passing around JSON-LD using ActivityStreams as the vocabulary for the system. It's been building off of other systems doing stuff in this space - oStatus, pubsubhubbub, etc. It's a new protocol - it's currently at Candidate Rec at W3C.
[Tue 12:19:23] <webber>	https://joinmastodon.org/
[Tue 12:19:25] <manu>	webber: What's exciting at the moment is that Mastadon is rolling this out as their main federation protocol.
[Tue 12:19:31] <webber>	https://octodon.social/@webber
[Tue 12:19:36] <webber>	https://mastodon.social/@gargron
[Tue 12:19:52] <manu>	webber: What's neat about Mastadon is that you can see that both of us have been speaking to each other, even though we're on completely different servers. What's exciting about them is...
[Tue 12:20:08] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:20:08] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:20:26] <webber>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2017/blob/master/topics-and-advance-readings/activitypub-decentralized-distributed.md
[Tue 12:20:28] <manu>	webber: Mastadon has nearly one million registered users - they are using Linked Data, JSON-LD, etc. It ties in ideologically with this group, more decentralized alignment...
[Tue 12:21:11] <manu>	webber: I wrote a paper for Rebooting Web of Trust, in that paper I go through a few different ways how we can integrate the work this group is doing and what that group is doing. At present, ActivityPub isn't very self-sovereign... it's hard to move to new nodes... 
[Tue 12:21:49] <manu>	webber: ActivityPub doesn't specify why you should use Linked Data Signatures, but there is a good reason to adopt, so in the paper I describe how ActivityPub and this group align. Adding public keys and linked data signatures to ensure messages that pass through network are from who they say they are.
[Tue 12:21:59] *	manu mosesm lionel was
[Tue 12:22:05] *	rgrant (~rgrant@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:22:45] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 12:22:45] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 12:22:49] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:22:49] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA
[Tue 12:22:51] <manu>	webber: ActivityPub does still rely on DNS and SSL certs, so there is still a core bit of centralization there - but it may be exciting with the work on DIDs, if we could open up those possibilities to more decentralized mechanisms.
[Tue 12:23:47] <manu>	webber: It would enable users to be more self-sovereign and move between different instances - we could transition from a federated model to a more decentralized, more peer-to-peer model. If public keys are on every actors profile, you're building a web of trust into the system w/o users realizing it - follow confirm connections, could be building a loose web of trust.
[Tue 12:23:51] <manu>	webber: I think that's exciting.
[Tue 12:24:16] <manu>	webber: The very day after writing the paper, Eugene wrote a PR for Linked Data Signatures support - which is great.
[Tue 12:24:32] <kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 12:24:32] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 12:24:50] <manu>	ChristopherA: More specific to the Mastadon community, what would it take to get them to participate in RWoT?
[Tue 12:25:08] *	dlongley i can mostly figure out what you're saying Christopher, but your audio is much worse than usual, jfyi.
[Tue 12:25:19] <manu>	ChristopherA: With the goal of moving toward a DPKI - where is the low hanging fruit? Is it JSON-LD, is it Verifiable Claims? Is it Bitcoin, Ethereum? 
[Tue 12:26:17] <manu>	webber: One thing I've noticed with Mastadon is that it's very practical. The move from oStatus to a more Linked Data system using JSON-LD was for a practical purpose... they wanted to do private messages. The adoption of HTTP SIgnatures and Linked data signatures was for practical purposes (message forwarding with integrity)
[Tue 12:27:08] <manu>	webber: I posted this paper to the Mastadon network - folks said they're interested, can get folks to add to RWoT
[Tue 12:27:37] <manu>	webber: one of the pain points is moving to different providers. Right now, you have to destroy history to move... but we could potentially help people move more easily with use of more decentralized identifiers.
[Tue 12:27:37] <voip-ccg>	Paul Simmonds [SIP/192.168.2.34-0000023d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:27:40] <kimhd>	q+
[Tue 12:27:40] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has been added to the queue: kimhd
[Tue 12:27:52] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 12:27:52] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: kimhd, ChristopherA
[Tue 12:27:59] <ChristopherA>	ack kimhd
[Tue 12:27:59] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has the floor.
[Tue 12:28:00] <mike-lodder>	q?
[Tue 12:28:00] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA
[Tue 12:28:04] <voip-ccg>	Paul Simmonds [SIP/192.168.2.34-0000023d] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:28:09] <voip-ccg>	Paul Simmonds [SIP/192.168.2.34-0000023e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:28:16] <manu>	kimhd: In terms of decentralized identifiers - are there any approaches that you've been leaning toward already? What is the lowest hanging fruit DID providers?
[Tue 12:28:36] <voip-ccg>	Paul Simmonds [SIP/192.168.2.34-0000023e] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:29:21] <manu>	webber: There are some people that are aware of DIDs... but people seem to want to avoid too much computational burn. That is a lot of computation burn in Bitcoin... I've talked w/ Manu about more fit-for-purpose solutions, where that concern isn't as strong, maybe build DIDs on top of DHTs (even though I know some aren't excited about that route).
[Tue 12:29:31] <nage>	q+ to ask about thinking for names vs identifiers and how you handle multiple facets a user (multiple accounts?)
[Tue 12:29:31] <voip-ccg>	nage has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, nage
[Tue 12:30:15] <manu>	webber: We are  going to have to prototype and build those types of systems before we can say for sure. If we end up having Mastadon adopting DIDs, we'd have a lot of smaller nodes generating identifiers. We'd have to assume that smaller nodes can participate in the system - where lots of identifiers wouldn't bog down the system too badly. That's the gut feeling I've gotten from bringing these spaces together.
[Tue 12:30:17] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:30:17] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA, nage
[Tue 12:30:22] <kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 12:30:22] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 12:31:06] <manu>	ChristopherA: To comment on the computational load - that load is only on creation of identity and identifiers - validating is very quick. The first time they're creating an identity, there may be a delay - a guardian relationship may be with first node, but you can move to self-sovereign when you move the first time. 
[Tue 12:31:36] <manu>	ChristopherA: More specific to some short term goals, if there are some people that are influential - could be persuaded to check out RWoT, I'd be glad to send them a personal invite to get them invovled. Just need to know who those people are.
[Tue 12:32:06] <manu>	webber: To be clear, I wasn't trying to downplay Bitcoin, just letting folks know the feedback I've gotten back.
[Tue 12:32:59] <manu>	ChristopherA: With many of these systems, you can't have instant gratification, can't login instantly, etc. We may not want 1 million DIDs, only 200K need to be decentralized - so it may be a scaling thing - you only need a DID when you need to go completely self-sovereign or need to transfer.
[Tue 12:33:09] <kimhd>	ack nage
[Tue 12:33:09] <voip-ccg>	nage has the floor (to ask about thinking for names vs identifiers and how you handle multiple facets a user (multiple accounts?)).
[Tue 12:33:40] <manu>	nage: DIDs make it possible to isolate your identity, so separation of work life and political life. Can context of identity be changed based on DIDs? Are you interested in collaboration there?
[Tue 12:33:55] <manu>	webber: I think you're talking about people being able to have multiple identities - is that correct?
[Tue 12:34:32] <manu>	nage: Multiple identities is one way to think about it, private conversations w/ some groups is another potential. Current social networks don't give you much choice between fully private or fully public.
[Tue 12:35:37] <manu>	webber: One of the things that Diaspora innovated on was "social groups" - Google+ adopted that with Circles... don't know if that had as much success as folks though... but the way ActivityPub addresses it is - email style addressing - you can to, cc, bcc to send messages - give an array of participants, but you can also give a collection as a recipient. So you can have groups that you or someone else curate.
[Tue 12:35:51] <manu>	webber: You can have a "just friends" collection
[Tue 12:36:34] <manu>	webber: When you submit a post to your followers, every user has a followers collection which is an activity streams collection - so, one way you can tie in DIDs is to make one of those collections controlled by a DID. There are two different ways you can look at this...
[Tue 12:36:44] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:36:44] <voip-ccg>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 12:36:56] <manu>	webber: you can have DIDs for each aspect of your life, or you can have DIDs in each collection of actors.
[Tue 12:37:02] <manu>	nage: Yes, great intro, thank you.
[Tue 12:37:07] <webber>	https://www.w3.org/TR/activitypub/#Overview
[Tue 12:37:23] <manu>	q+ to note our implementation of SocialWG specs.
[Tue 12:37:23] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:37:39] <kimhd>	ack manu
[Tue 12:37:39] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to note our implementation of SocialWG specs.).
[Tue 12:38:25] <dlongley>	manu: Thanks you, Chris. We know of and are big fans of the socialWG work. From a corp standpoint, we look at DIDs and the social Web protocols as the foundational layer for a number of interesting products in the future. Products where people own their data and identity.
[Tue 12:39:14] <dlongley>	manu: They are freely able to exchange in legal economic activity. A lot of the work with the SocialWG helps with messaging with machine-to-machine and person-to-person. DIDs make the data more portable and people know about the Web Payments work going on. These technologies work well together and we expect them to converge.
[Tue 12:40:03] <dlongley>	manu: Chris mentioned Mastodon being one potential adopter of this tech, our company is already building the social messaging stuff into our core platform. Dave can talk more about that if desired. It's not theoretical, it's practical, strong for profit reasons for implementing these decentralized techs.
[Tue 12:40:13] <manu>	kimhd: Great, thanks for the overview
[Tue 12:40:19] <manu>	Topic: DID Specification
[Tue 12:40:39] <manu>	kimhd: We are tracking a lot of issues now for the DID spec - Christopher, do you want to walk through Entity Profile discussion?
[Tue 12:41:15] <voip-ccg>	Paul Simmonds [SIP/192.168.2.34-0000023f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:41:24] <manu>	ChristopherA: In the spec, there is an implied concept of entity information that is a composite of all of the Linked Data and many signatures that all combine into a large JSON-LD object that is an individuals representation of what they know about an entity.
[Tue 12:41:42] <voip-ccg>	Paul Simmonds [SIP/192.168.2.34-0000023f] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:42:10] <manu>	ChristopherA: This has been implied by the spec, but few implementations demonstrate this in a way that make people realize that there is a structure here. Also, how do you keep all of this in memory when you have many different types of signatures signed by other entities. There can be many things signed in parts.
[Tue 12:42:14] <kimhd>	q+
[Tue 12:42:14] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has been added to the queue: kimhd
[Tue 12:42:48] <manu>	ChristopherA: How can we being to make this more prominent - you have it in memory, not in Javascript... how do you look at this entity and get people to understand one person's entity may be different from another person's identity? Because of different disclosures.
[Tue 12:42:58] <manu>	q+ to suggest a simpler way forward to "understanding this concept"
[Tue 12:42:58] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: kimhd, manu
[Tue 12:43:08] <manu>	ChristopherA: You may not have a complete description of the entity.
[Tue 12:43:41] <manu>	ChristopherA: How do we start talking about this next level higher object - summary of a DID, DDO, Verifiable Claims associated with those objects... and DIDs/DDOs about those claims.
[Tue 12:43:50] *	dlongley btw, Christopher, your audio sounds great now.
[Tue 12:44:25] <manu>	kimhd: As I moved BTCR more toward what was outlined in Veres One... in this DID spec, what is the role of whether it is addressing the Verifiable Claims ecosystem?
[Tue 12:44:33] <kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/didm-veres-one/issues/1
[Tue 12:45:10] *	Lionel (~Lionel@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:45:12] <manu>	kimhd: In the previous thread, there is a discussion about Minimum Viable DID spec, I had some questions about DID spec V1 is meant to just cover authenticating as a DID and updating the DDO, or do we want to walk through some broader verifiable claims scenarios
[Tue 12:45:27] <manu>	kimhd: It seems like we want to talk about broader interaction of DIDs in that ecosystem. Just comment/question.
[Tue 12:45:37] <kimhd>	ack kimhd
[Tue 12:45:37] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has the floor.
[Tue 12:45:57] <dlongley>	manu: I'll attempt to outline the current thinking. It's really easy to get wrapped around the axle when talking big picture, especially when talking the technical implementation of the big picture.
[Tue 12:45:58] <kimhd>	ach manu
[Tue 12:46:01] <kimhd>	ack manu
[Tue 12:46:01] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to suggest a simpler way forward to "understanding this concept").
[Tue 12:46:12] <Lionel>	Add me to q pls?
[Tue 12:46:18] <manu>	q+ Lionel 
[Tue 12:46:18] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: Lionel
[Tue 12:46:35] <mike-lodder>	Q?
[Tue 12:46:37] <kimhd>	manu: DID spec should do minimum viable
[Tue 12:46:38] <mike-lodder>	q?
[Tue 12:46:38] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: Lionel
[Tue 12:46:43] <Lionel>	q+
[Tue 12:46:43] <voip-ccg>	Lionel has been added to the queue: Lionel, Lionel
[Tue 12:46:45] <kimhd>	...auth as DID, update DDO
[Tue 12:46:53] <dlongley>	manu: What we've found in our org, to get clarity, is to break the problem down into bite size chunks. The chunks we have right now are basically: the DID spec, which at least from our standpoint should do the minimal viable thing. How do you authenticate as a DID and how do you update the DDO.
[Tue 12:47:01] *	kimhd thanks dlongley
[Tue 12:47:05] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:47:05] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: Lionel, Lionel
[Tue 12:47:10] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 12:47:10] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: Lionel, Lionel, ChristopherA
[Tue 12:47:40] <dlongley>	manu: Taking a first pass at that. In parallel in the VC work we are talking about making assertions and composing them together and so on. That work should be independent of the identifier used. However, when you put the DID stuff together with the VC stuff you get additional really interesting properties.
[Tue 12:48:16] *	webber name collisions ;)
[Tue 12:48:21] <dlongley>	manu: Like fully portable claims, moving from one wallet to another. Guardianship over identities, etc. The ability to compose all these decentralized things together. Christopher's questions revolve around what the ecosystem looks like when all the pieces come together.
[Tue 12:48:55] *	webber ChristopherA there's also a "Chris Webber" in the devops space... we should host a name collisions panel with Christopher Allen, Christopher Webber, and Christopher Allan Webber ;)
[Tue 12:48:55] <dlongley>	manu: And I think he's saying that we should think about how all these things fit together in the ecosystem we want to create. The concern is that, until we've really created a solid foundation for these other specs we can get wrapped up having the higher level discussion for quite a while.
[Tue 12:49:11] <dlongley>	manu: This isn't a proposal that one way is better than the other, I think we'll have to iterate and bounce back and forth between the two.
[Tue 12:49:57] <dlongley>	manu: I think in next 6-9 months we'll be doing iterations on DID and VC specs and then we see if it works. If it doesn't work we'll use that info to feed it back in and address the higher level problems. All that said, we've been doing that for 4 years. We feel that the general architecture we have now is valid. And that's why we're trying to nail things down a bit more.
[Tue 12:50:11] <dlongley>	manu: So we can do implementations in code across multiple ledgers and validate it working in production.
[Tue 12:50:20] <rgrant>	q+ regarding scope creep in discussion https://github.com/w3c-ccg/didm-veres-one/issues/1#issuecomment-325400901
[Tue 12:50:20] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been added to the queue: Lionel, Lionel, ChristopherA, rgrant
[Tue 12:50:32] <dlongley>	manu: Digital Bazaar's thinking is to nail these things down for testing in pilots or in production to make sure use cases are met.
[Tue 12:50:38] *	manu thx dlongley 
[Tue 12:50:38] <kimhd>	ack Lionel
[Tue 12:50:38] <voip-ccg>	Lionel has the floor.
[Tue 12:50:41] *	dlongley yes
[Tue 12:50:48] *	dlongley sure
[Tue 12:50:48] <kimhd>	ack Lionel
[Tue 12:50:48] <voip-ccg>	Lionel has the floor.
[Tue 12:51:05] <manu>	Lionel: That was a good lead in to what I wanted to ask - to achieve interop, the standards will have to guide people with how to format identifiers. 
[Tue 12:51:13] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:51:13] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA, rgrant
[Tue 12:51:37] <manu>	Lionel: Can we point to a standard for location? GPS? How do we point to standards for expressing that?
[Tue 12:51:50] <manu>	Lionel: Have we figured out all of the data serialization issues?
[Tue 12:51:59] *	manu dlongley can you answer those two questions?
[Tue 12:52:00] <dlongley>	IMO, URI is spec for the "identifier" ... more specific data can be a vocabulary discussion
[Tue 12:52:01] <kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 12:52:01] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 12:52:07] *	manu dlongley also schema.org
[Tue 12:52:09] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 12:52:09] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been added to the queue: rgrant, dlongley
[Tue 12:52:33] <manu>	ChristopherA: Yes, JSON-LD is built to deal w/ serialization and canonicalization - we do have ways to do that.
[Tue 12:53:06] <manu>	ChristopherA: How do you have a unique identifier? Legitimately claim ownership on - uniqueness - self-sovereign, etc. Right to update. Identifier that you control. 
[Tue 12:54:07] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:54:07] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: rgrant, dlongley
[Tue 12:54:28] <manu>	ChristopherA: That is mostly a DID - it can point to DDO, which can contain additional information about an identifier. Self-sovereign verifiable claim - I call myself ChristopherA - unique to me as a root... I call myself christopherA - who I call kimhd is Kim. If people want to put in Verifiable Claims from different authorities that have more "realness", they're welcome to - participation only thing - prove that you're at a location, various standards to prove how to do that. I think we've met all of your base requirements, Lionel.
[Tue 12:54:32] <dlongley>	q-
[Tue 12:54:32] <voip-ccg>	dlongley has been removed from the queue: rgrant
[Tue 12:55:33] <manu>	ChristopherA: In the DID v1.0 draft that was posted, we predefined proofs to update, proofs to control, we had some language there - but were arbitrarily saying "these categories", in the new DDO thing, we're doing more capabilities based... but will have world expert on capabilities... here are what those proofs can do, etc. We're discussing how to do that right now.
[Tue 12:55:35] <dlongley>	Lionel: linked data enables you to create, share, reuse vocabularies at Web scale -- they define the semantics for whatever it is you want to express ... that includes "location" or whatever else, there are various linked data vocabs people are or have created, for example schema.org
[Tue 12:55:50] <manu>	ChristopherA: Thing I'm wondering - last rev of this, we still don't have an issuer version of this...
[Tue 12:55:53] <dlongley>	but regarding identifiers specifically, all we need is "URI" ... and a DID is a URI.
[Tue 12:56:18] <manu>	Lionel: Thanks, I followed what you said - a claim that you're Christopher - when do we say that's Unicode. Do we have definitions for how name/location are represented?
[Tue 12:56:36] <manu>	ChristopherA: There are representations - schema.org - can be unicode, that's relatively solid.
[Tue 12:57:04] <manu>	ChristopherA: Internationalization is covered, variety of signature formats - we're adding more to them, but there is a whole discussion around more kinds of signature formats than we do right now, not a problem, working on it.
[Tue 12:57:35] <manu>	ChristopherA: When you come to WoT vs. "Real Name", that's a credential - that's naturally centralized... I claim I'm ChristopherA - and you accept that or not... or you accept DMV.
[Tue 12:57:54] <dlongley>	https://www.w3.org/TR/json-ld/ <--spec for expressing linked data as JSON-LD
[Tue 12:58:01] <manu>	ChristopherA: That is a claim, it's doable with our system...
[Tue 12:58:16] <manu>	q+ to note w/ Lionel that we have detailed answers to your questions.
[Tue 12:58:16] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: rgrant, manu
[Tue 12:58:43] *	webber has to go for the SocialWG call
[Tue 12:58:49] *	webber thanks for the call everyone!
[Tue 12:59:07] <manu>	ChristopherA: I want to understand why Longley and Manu removed issuer key...
[Tue 12:59:27] <manu>	kimhd: We have a hard stop in a few minutes, we have a full DID conversation next week.
[Tue 12:59:39] <kimhd>	ack rgrant
[Tue 12:59:40] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has the floor (regarding scope creep in discussion https://github.com/w3c-ccg/didm-veres-one/issues/1#issuecomment-325400901).
[Tue 13:00:10] <manu>	rgrant: I put a link to Veres One DID Method spec - I think the names "writeAuthorization" and "authenticatoinCredential" are great... had a bit of discussion w/ Manu about naming ...
[Tue 13:00:17] <kimhd>	have to go. bye
[Tue 13:00:22] <voip-ccg>	kimhd [SIP/73.193.23.65-00000226] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:00:26] *	dlongley bye! thanks!
[Tue 13:00:48] <mike-lodder>	+1
[Tue 13:00:48] <manu>	rgrant: The good thing that I see is to generealize guardianship, the bad thing is mixing what goes into a DDO and trying to turn that into a Verifiable Claims database... are we talking about putting a Verifiable Claim into a DDO? That doesn't seem like the purpose of the DDO.
[Tue 13:01:06] <manu>	ChristopherA: You have to have some kind of pointer at a minimum
[Tue 13:01:20] <manu>	rgrant: In the language of the DID spec, that is services...
[Tue 13:01:21] <dlongley>	the data model (if you're using JSON-LD/RDF) supports doing that, but ledgers do not *have* to support it.
[Tue 13:01:21] <manu>	q?
[Tue 13:01:21] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 13:02:18] <dlongley>	manu: We're going to have to close out the conversation, this is the core part of the discussion that the group needs to have and to come to grips with. The Veres One issue that was raised identified what we believe to be a logical conflation in the DID spec that everyone has been making (including us). The feedback from BTCR made it even more clear that we need to shift things around.
[Tue 13:03:05] *	mike-lodder has quit ("Leaving")
[Tue 13:03:08] <dlongley>	manu: It's not just a naming thing, it's about moving to a more capabilities based model, separating concerns so we don't tightly bind things that we need to. Christopher, there is no "issuer thing" because we haven't focused on it, doesn't mean it wont' be there in the future. We tried to focus and synthesize current feedback into the core issue people are having.
[Tue 13:03:13] <voip-ccg>	Michael Lodder [SIP/evernym.onsip.com-00000234] has left the conference.
[Tue 13:03:44] <dlongley>	manu: Wanted to focus on getting the foundation right so the rest of us can build on top of it. There's a certain order that we think we can discuss these things so the conversation doesn't go off into the weeds where lower level decisions impact higher level. Where we all want to be at the end is to cover all the use cases.
[Tue 13:03:57] <dlongley>	manu: We think we've boiled this down to its essence but we need to discuss with the community -- next week's call.
[Tue 13:04:27] <dlongley>	rgrant: I've read the links that I've been able to find and I'm unable to understand the logic there and I should be able to see a concrete example.
[Tue 13:04:39] <dlongley>	rgrant: Haven't been able to see it.
[Tue 13:04:49] <dlongley>	manu: Confused deputy problem, will bring to the conversation next week.
[Tue 13:05:01] <dlongley>	rgrant: I saw an urge to generalize guardianship but I was unable to find other issues.
[Tue 13:05:12] <dlongley>	manu: Not necessarily -- I'll try to put that in the issue before next week.
[Tue 13:05:15] <dlongley>	rgrant: Thanks.
[Tue 13:05:36] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: For the purpose of being able to issue Web of Trust VCs it doesn't meet my requirements for October.
[Tue 13:06:46] <dlongley>	manu: I think the solution to your problem is to have an issuer credential in your DDO. The problem we had before is that we were using a single key to do multiple different things. Need to very tightly couple key purpose ... number of issues bundled together.
[Tue 13:06:54] <dlongley>	manu: I'll try to explain that a bit more.
[Tue 13:07:01] <dlongley>	rgrant: Definitely need a clearer read on that.
[Tue 13:07:16] <dlongley>	rgrant: My reading of guardianship was clear. That the guardian had the capability to update. The error did not exist in other cases.
[Tue 13:07:21] <dlongley>	manu: I will type something out.
[Tue 13:07:42] <dlongley>	manu: Christopher, your concern is easy to address and it's an issuerCredential ... it's not in there right now but it's an easier thing to do.
[Tue 13:07:45] <dlongley>	Christopher: Thanks.
[Tue 13:08:25] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: Kim had to logout, to recap we'll have a discussion next week we'll have ethereum and blockstack (hopefully), BTCR, ... talking about what requirements we're missing in the latest discussion on DIDs.
[Tue 13:08:48] <rgrant>	my reading of guardianship was that its permissions were clear
[Tue 13:08:55] <manu>	ChristopherA: In following weeks, we need to make sure bootstrapping and rebooting web of trust work well at RWoT, so we'll be prepping for it until then.
[Tue 13:08:55] <manu>	Present+ sporny, longley, christophera, sobieski, lehn, nage, squarfed, kimhd, hughes, lionel, grant, moses, webber
