[2018-07-10T15:59:45.814Z]  <ChristopherA>  Voip: 222 is Christopher Allen
[2018-07-10T16:00:08.889Z]  <ChristopherA>  present+ Christopher Allen
[2018-07-10T16:00:31.672Z]  <achughes>  present+
[2018-07-10T16:00:33.825Z]  <dmitriz> present+
[2018-07-10T16:00:51.345Z]  <drabiv>  voip: 221 is drabiv
[2018-07-10T16:01:12.437Z]  <kimhd> AGENDA: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Jul/0013.html
[2018-07-10T16:01:47.254Z]  <kimhd> voip: connections?
[2018-07-10T16:02:05.427Z]  <kimhd> scribe: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LkqZ10z7FeV3EgMIQEJ9achEYMzy1d_2S90Q_lQ0y8M/edit?usp=sharing
[2018-07-10T16:02:11.306Z]  <cwebber2>  present+ Chris_Webber
[2018-07-10T16:02:11.779Z]  <rgrant>  voip-ccg: 225 is rgrant
[2018-07-10T16:02:23.255Z]  <heathervescent>  present+ heathervescent
[2018-07-10T16:02:46.909Z]  <markus_sabadello>  voip: 0236 is markus_sabadello
[2018-07-10T16:02:49.908Z]  <gannan>  present+ gannan
[2018-07-10T16:02:55.644Z]  <markus_sabadello>  present+
[2018-07-10T16:03:00.653Z]  <JoeAndrieu>  voip: 23a is JoeAndrieu
[2018-07-10T16:03:05.493Z]  <JoeAndrieu>  present+
[2018-07-10T16:03:09.164Z]  <manu>  scribe: rgrant
[2018-07-10T16:03:11.784Z]  <jungly>  present+ Kulpreet
[2018-07-10T16:03:17.490Z]  <manu>  present+
[2018-07-10T16:03:24.415Z]  <kimhd> q?
[2018-07-10T16:03:28.295Z]  <manu>  Topic: Introductions
[2018-07-10T16:03:29.290Z]  <burn>  present+
[2018-07-10T16:03:42.351Z]  <manu>  voip: connections?
[2018-07-10T16:04:13.530Z]  <rgrant>  kimhd: on to reintroductions
[2018-07-10T16:04:45.925Z]  <rgrant>  TallTed: I work for OpenLink software.  active for several years.  working in VC/credentials working group.
[2018-07-10T16:05:13.136Z]  <rgrant>  TallTed: works for openLink software.  active for several years.  working in VC/credentials working group.
[2018-07-10T16:05:40.165Z]  <rgrant>  kimhd: bulk of meeting to be about uPort proposal
[2018-07-10T16:06:20.245Z]  <rgrant>  kimhd: reminders about using the queuing mechanism and strict timeboxing.
[2018-07-10T16:06:23.375Z]  <manu>  Topic: Announcements and Reminders
[2018-07-10T16:06:28.977Z]  <kimhd> announcements: https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2018-07-10T16:07:22.465Z]  <rgrant>  kimhd: summer BTCR virtual hackathon is next week.  we have a zoom room and will have standup meetings MWThF, and Tu after this meeting.
[2018-07-10T16:07:32.606Z]  <rgrant>  ... planning meeting tomorrow afternoon.  invites to anyone interested.
[2018-07-10T16:08:22.677Z]  <kimhd> https://www.w3.org/2018/10/TPAC/
[2018-07-10T16:08:37.129Z]  <rgrant>  ... Helsinki MYDATA 2018 — August 29-31 Helsinki, Finland.  #RebootingWebOfTrust VII — September 24-26th, Toronto.  Also 27-28th DID/Verifiable Credential Hackathon (F2F).  TPAC — October 23rd-26th, Lyon, France.
[2018-07-10T16:08:44.488Z]  <rgrant>  ... IIW — October 23rd-25th, Mountain View
[2018-07-10T16:09:13.213Z]  <rgrant>  kimhd: Moses is organizing a conference.  introduction forthcoming.
[2018-07-10T16:09:21.427Z]  <kimhd> https://businessofblockchain.com/web/virtual-summits/blockchain-id
[2018-07-10T16:09:35.791Z]  <rgrant>  Moses: link posted.  GMSI-web co-producing.  share the link.
[2018-07-10T16:10:17.706Z]  <rgrant>  Moses: publishers want to see "traction", to test their resource allocation.
[2018-07-10T16:10:22.955Z]  <manu>  voip: 24d is SamanthaChase
[2018-07-10T16:10:28.971Z]  <kimhd> q?
[2018-07-10T16:10:35.505Z]  <heathervescent>  Q: Will the registration details be shared with the community?
[2018-07-10T16:10:45.566Z]  <rgrant>  Moses: day2 is more public.  more availability for speaking.  email Moses for speaking options.
[2018-07-10T16:10:54.885Z]  <heathervescent>  q+
[2018-07-10T16:10:57.238Z]  <rgrant>  Moses: please support.  thanks!
[2018-07-10T16:11:04.647Z]  <chase> where is the link for this?
[2018-07-10T16:11:05.965Z]  <kimhd> ack heathervescent
[2018-07-10T16:11:20.246Z]  <rgrant>  heathervescent: Will the registration details be shared with the community?
[2018-07-10T16:11:59.246Z]  <rgrant>  Moses: we get the entire signup list, but it will be held closely so as not to invite spam.
[2018-07-10T16:12:03.577Z]  <rgrant>  heathervescent: what's the transparency on that ownership?
[2018-07-10T16:12:04.553Z]  <kimhd> q+ regarding library then freezing queue
[2018-07-10T16:12:16.109Z]  <rgrant>  Moses: how about a governance group?
[2018-07-10T16:13:02.786Z]  <manu>  q+ to support what Moses is doing.
[2018-07-10T16:13:03.412Z]  <rgrant>  heathervescent: if our social capital is being used to build the community, then we should have a sense of ownership.
[2018-07-10T16:13:18.334Z]  <rgrant>  Moses: let's resolve this via a governance group
[2018-07-10T16:13:26.086Z]  <kimhd> q-
[2018-07-10T16:13:30.777Z]  <nage>  voip: 250 is nage
[2018-07-10T16:13:42.932Z]  <rgrant>  heathervescent: if we're co-creating this, then we should have a commons-based ownership model
[2018-07-10T16:14:04.279Z]  <rgrant>  kimhd: jumping in: library of references that you're advocating looks useful to w3c-ccg as well
[2018-07-10T16:14:09.013Z]  <bigbluehat>  voip-ccg: 252 is bigbluehat
[2018-07-10T16:14:13.186Z]  <rgrant>  Moses: entire library will remain open source
[2018-07-10T16:14:16.828Z]  <kimhd> ack manu
[2018-07-10T16:14:17.791Z]  <bigbluehat>  present+ Benjamin_Young
[2018-07-10T16:14:19.433Z]  <kimhd> q?
[2018-07-10T16:14:25.106Z]  <kimhd> present+
[2018-07-10T16:15:18.170Z]  <rgrant>  manu: i hear you Heather, and want to speak in support of Moses' efforts.  it's working in concert with the multi-year efforts we've got going.  we don't know of ways to build this without engaging with these business models.  it's a balancing act.
[2018-07-10T16:15:27.753Z]  <heathervescent>  It's just very inconsistent what gets funded... technology gets funded, but other things do not.
[2018-07-10T16:15:35.513Z]  <rgrant>  manu: it's a good trade off.
[2018-07-10T16:16:09.548Z]  <kimhd> q?
[2018-07-10T16:16:37.306Z]  <rgrant>  manu: maybe there's a CRT that gets created that can manage that list and its best use.  unfortunately, we need to make these decisions rather quickly.  everyone's participation is based on their own acceptance.
[2018-07-10T16:17:27.646Z]  <rgrant>  heathervescent: it's a huge red flag.  Moses is doing great work, but we need a way for people who don't fit this business model to see their work valued.  i'm going to advocate for everyone in the community to get value out of the work they're putting in.
[2018-07-10T16:17:48.898Z]  <Moses> Please share or blog about this virtual summit: https://businessofblockchain.com/web/virtual-summits/blockchain-id/
[2018-07-10T16:18:01.426Z]  <rgrant>  kimhd: let's do further work to address these concerns.  action item: <something>
[2018-07-10T16:18:18.915Z]  <kimhd> action: Chairs follow up on concerns about funding, recognition, contribution to commons
[2018-07-10T16:18:29.786Z]  <rgrant>  manu: we're trying to get  a WG charter proposal started
[2018-07-10T16:18:34.726Z]  <kimhd> https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-wg-charter/
[2018-07-10T16:18:37.552Z]  <manu>  DID WG Charter - https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-wg-charter/
[2018-07-10T16:18:53.256Z]  <rgrant>  manu: W3C staff resources and members' own resource get allocated based on these charters.
[2018-07-10T16:18:59.566Z]  <rgrant>  manu: the current charter is "done enough for review"
[2018-07-10T16:19:22.235Z]  <rgrant>  manu: review it.  understand that we have to be "super-hyper focused"
[2018-07-10T16:19:41.238Z]  <rgrant>  manu: it says that we're going to produce this document, and nothing more.
[2018-07-10T16:19:51.108Z]  <rgrant>  manu: and test suite
[2018-07-10T16:19:55.826Z]  <markus_sabadello>  q+
[2018-07-10T16:20:05.549Z]  <rgrant>  manu: and that's it.  please read and raise issues in issue tracker.
[2018-07-10T16:20:15.465Z]  <rgrant>  manu: see email for details.
[2018-07-10T16:20:16.906Z]  <kimhd> ack markus_sabadello
[2018-07-10T16:20:44.858Z]  <rgrant>  markus_sabadello: Q regarding DID resolution: would DID resolution be in scope for the WG charter?  one spec or multiple?
[2018-07-10T16:21:35.246Z]  <rgrant>  manu: we could add it.  we need to have this conversation.  it needs a spec that has been incubated.  expanding the scope may risk objections.  the first WG charter draft is narrowed to data model and DID spec.
[2018-07-10T16:21:52.446Z]  <rgrant>  manu: if you and Dmitri can commit to the work to do the spec, then we can put it in there.
[2018-07-10T16:21:56.135Z]  <ChristopherA>  q+
[2018-07-10T16:22:01.360Z]  <rgrant>  manu: this is for community to decide.
[2018-07-10T16:22:06.406Z]  <rgrant>  kimhd: let's open an issue.
[2018-07-10T16:22:11.617Z]  <kimhd> ack ChristopherA
[2018-07-10T16:22:12.915Z]  <ChristianLundkvist>  q?
[2018-07-10T16:22:32.785Z]  <rgrant>  action: Open issue regarding DID resolution in WG charter
[2018-07-10T16:22:33.070Z]  <dmitriz> q+
[2018-07-10T16:22:39.646Z]  <manu>  We do have two implementations -- Markus and Dmitri...
[2018-07-10T16:22:46.488Z]  <kimhd> ack dmitriz
[2018-07-10T16:22:47.248Z]  <rgrant>  ChristopherA: reminder that we'll need a second implementation.
[2018-07-10T16:23:00.345Z]  <rgrant>  dmitriz: we have a Java and a Javascript implementation.
[2018-07-10T16:23:03.535Z]  <kimhd> DID Primer PR: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-primer/pull/2
[2018-07-10T16:23:13.586Z]  <achughes>  q+ on the primer
[2018-07-10T16:23:16.319Z]  <rgrant>  kimhd: on to the DID primer.  is it ready to merge?
[2018-07-10T16:23:23.106Z]  <kimhd> ack achughes
[2018-07-10T16:23:30.586Z]  <manu>  q+ to note why we need it soon-ish.
[2018-07-10T16:24:09.758Z]  <rgrant>  achughes: reporting progress, there were some distractions.  recording regarding github repo and respec document has been posted.
[2018-07-10T16:24:23.946Z]  <kimhd> https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/18
[2018-07-10T16:24:25.709Z]  <manu>  q-
[2018-07-10T16:24:39.631Z]  <rgrant>  kimhd: JWK crypto suite specifications.
[2018-07-10T16:24:40.586Z]  <achughes>  will get back on the did-primer: respec format today
[2018-07-10T16:24:52.159Z]  <rgrant>  kimhd: who should we assign this issue #18 to?
[2018-07-10T16:25:13.327Z]  <dmitriz> I'm definitely interested in participating in issue #18
[2018-07-10T16:25:19.148Z]  <drabiv>  achuges (y)
[2018-07-10T16:25:22.570Z]  <rgrant>  kimhd: Create a spec that demonstrates how you express a JWK using a LD Cryptosuite. Create a spec that demonstrates how you express a Verifiable Credential as a JWT Implementations and test suites for those specs
[2018-07-10T16:25:30.946Z]  <ChristianLundkvist>  q+
[2018-07-10T16:25:34.907Z]  <achughes>  the raw recording for the tutorial session by manu on setting up a github repo and also a respec doc is here: https://youtu.be/vcL3ffgGEJM
[2018-07-10T16:25:43.149Z]  <rgrant>  ChristopherA: this is realted to uPort, so let's fold it into that.
[2018-07-10T16:25:49.846Z]  <rgrant>  kimhd: last call for work items
[2018-07-10T16:25:57.747Z]  <kimhd> ack ChristianLundkvist
[2018-07-10T16:26:36.666Z]  <rgrant>  ChristianLundkvist: one of the things that happened was that Mike Jones (JWT at MSFT) submitted some additions to secp256k1 to the JWT spec.
[2018-07-10T16:26:43.134Z]  <rgrant>  ... did anyone else see that?
[2018-07-10T16:26:55.037Z]  <rgrant>  ... i think that got through the IETF, but I don
[2018-07-10T16:26:58.886Z]  <pelle> Yes it did
[2018-07-10T16:27:02.792Z]  <rgrant>  ... don't know the details
[2018-07-10T16:27:08.865Z]  <rgrant>  kimhd: thanks, we can look into that.
[2018-07-10T16:27:12.966Z]  <kimhd> q?
[2018-07-10T16:27:25.146Z]  <rgrant>  kimhd: on to work items.
[2018-07-10T16:27:25.986Z]  <kimhd> work items: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2018-07-10T16:27:29.765Z]  <kimhd> q?
[2018-07-10T16:27:53.666Z]  <kimhd> https://medium.com/uport/a-complete-list-of-uports-protocols-libraries-and-solutions-63e9b99b9fd6
[2018-07-10T16:27:56.475Z]  <rgrant>  kimhd: moving on to uport DID proposal
[2018-07-10T16:28:44.439Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: I'm missing some mailing list context.
[2018-07-10T16:28:57.989Z]  <rgrant>  ChristianLundkvist: people are interested in recent changes and work on DID methods.
[2018-07-10T16:29:41.549Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: over the last few months, we've proposed an Ethereum contract
[2018-07-10T16:30:12.571Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: that allows key revocation, using multiple keys, etc.  we want some community to support it.
[2018-07-10T16:30:23.397Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: the base is an Ethereum address.
[2018-07-10T16:30:28.140Z]  <markus_sabadello>  q+ about erc1056 vs erc725
[2018-07-10T16:30:54.339Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: it also supports smart contracts (Ethereum small pieces of code)
[2018-07-10T16:31:19.607Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: does not support signing...
[2018-07-10T16:31:26.910Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: you can add a signing key to it
[2018-07-10T16:32:02.946Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: goals were: Ethereum compatible, does identities, simple to add, edit, and resolve.
[2018-07-10T16:32:12.370Z]  <ottonomy>  present+ ottonomy
[2018-07-10T16:32:18.239Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: this supports our did:uport method.
[2018-07-10T16:32:43.349Z]  <manu>  q+ to ask about DID Method spec for did:uport / did:eth -- when will that be defined?
[2018-07-10T16:34:01.849Z]  <rgrant>  ChristianLundkvist: a philosophy that we've come to is that unlike previous requirements to create an (expensive) blockchain transaction, our new thinking is that the hash of a public key is the identity, so that the supporting smart contract can handle key revocations.  thus to onboard, you do not need any blockchain transactions.
[2018-07-10T16:34:28.769Z]  <rgrant>  ChristianLundkvist: further on in the lifecycle, you may beed to do a key revocation, and that is the point of the blockchain transaction
[2018-07-10T16:34:30.346Z]  <ChristopherA>  q+
[2018-07-10T16:34:31.947Z]  <kimhd> ack markus_sabadello
[2018-07-10T16:35:16.028Z]  <pelle> q+
[2018-07-10T16:35:20.370Z]  <rgrant>  markus_sabadello: i was workign with the author fo the ERC725 proposal.  what is the difference between your new proposal and that one.  i guess not needing to create a new smart contract to create an identity is a big one.  plus <lossage>
[2018-07-10T16:35:44.676Z]  <kimhd> ack pelle
[2018-07-10T16:36:15.607Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: yes, ERC725 requires posting a contract.  and it doesn't rely on verifiable claims.
[2018-07-10T16:36:48.278Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: ERC780 would allow you to make lossage claims.
[2018-07-10T16:36:49.087Z]  <drabiv>  q+ to ask about 1) security of uPort DID not anchored in blockchain? 2) MNID on other blockchains? 3) MNID visibility to identity owner? 4) users ability to set MNID value?
[2018-07-10T16:37:17.886Z]  <kimhd> ack manu
[2018-07-10T16:37:18.306Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: service endpoints require the contract to be posted.
[2018-07-10T16:37:37.392Z]  <rgrant>  manu: having read through things at a high level, parts look familiar and parts don't.
[2018-07-10T16:38:02.054Z]  <rgrant>  manu: DID spec outlines various steps to get something done.  do you have a document with steps like that?
[2018-07-10T16:38:33.489Z]  <rgrant>  manu: i'm also seeing a lot of JWTs and i don't know where those are used.
[2018-07-10T16:38:44.866Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: we do have docs
[2018-07-10T16:38:53.586Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: we can update
[2018-07-10T16:39:18.689Z]  <kimhd> q+
[2018-07-10T16:39:31.666Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: we have a JWT library.  it should be simple enough to plug into any other layer.  we would encourage someone to do that.
[2018-07-10T16:39:42.118Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: we don't have that need right now.
[2018-07-10T16:39:47.794Z]  <markus_sabadello>  q+
[2018-07-10T16:39:52.553Z]  <rgrant>  ChristianLundkvist: we have not crated a formal DID method spec for this.
[2018-07-10T16:40:14.378Z]  <rgrant>  ChristianLundkvist: it had been in flux, but we want to create the spec, to make sure we're compatible.
[2018-07-10T16:40:43.375Z]  <pelle> Our current document https://github.com/uport-project/ethr-did-registry/blob/develop/README.md
[2018-07-10T16:41:14.048Z]  <rgrant>  ChristopherA: if i create an identity, and it's not on a blockchain, where is it?
[2018-07-10T16:42:03.932Z]  <rgrant>  ChristopherA: Q2: someone has a uport id and a verifiable claim signed by another party (that is not necessarily a jwt <-- sounds like "jot")
[2018-07-10T16:42:10.467Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: we use event logs
[2018-07-10T16:42:32.059Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: cheap way of storing things on the blockchain that is kept by the blockchain.
[2018-07-10T16:42:43.871Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: there is no longer a need to go to ipfs for this.
[2018-07-10T16:42:59.007Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: we are looking at ways of supporting more complex structured data as well
[2018-07-10T16:43:04.626Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: but that's not finalized
[2018-07-10T16:43:55.435Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: this will be for public users that want to post information about themselves, which we envision being for businesses.
[2018-07-10T16:44:03.352Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: we have a javascript library.
[2018-07-10T16:44:27.327Z]  <kimhd> this one? https://github.com/uport-project/did-resolver
[2018-07-10T16:44:27.630Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: this will be good for BTCR support, and is a very simple method.
[2018-07-10T16:45:23.557Z]  <pelle> Yes thats it kimhd
[2018-07-10T16:46:08.910Z]  <kimhd> q?
[2018-07-10T16:46:40.507Z]  <rgrant>  ChristianLundkvist: the way i see it is that the claims themselves are always stored offchain, using JWT (versus LDS) this DID method should be completely agnostic to that.  you can imaging taking any form of data that references this and it should be able to be resolved (in an orthoganal manner)
[2018-07-10T16:46:54.033Z]  <rgrant>  ChristopherA: will you be at the post RWOT hackathon?
[2018-07-10T16:46:59.310Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: we'll look at it.
[2018-07-10T16:47:17.359Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: we can add other methods into our app as well.
[2018-07-10T16:47:23.051Z]  <ChristopherA>  ack ChristopherA
[2018-07-10T16:47:38.612Z]  <ChristopherA>  q?
[2018-07-10T16:47:47.072Z]  <rgrant>  q+ what languages are you asking for DID method resolver code in?
[2018-07-10T16:48:07.348Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: we're trying to bridge the various blockchains and formats.
[2018-07-10T16:48:20.893Z]  <kimhd> q?
[2018-07-10T16:48:38.765Z]  <rgrant>  ChristianLundkvist: we also have a plugin for Markus's universal resolver
[2018-07-10T16:48:47.775Z]  <kimhd> ack drabiv
[2018-07-10T16:49:10.319Z]  <rgrant>  drabiv: security of uPort DID not anchored in blockchain?
[2018-07-10T16:49:31.209Z]  <rgrant>  drabiv: how do you resolve once anchored?
[2018-07-10T16:49:48.129Z]  <kimhd> q-
[2018-07-10T16:49:52.188Z]  <rgrant>  drabiv: will you be able to have the same DID as used in other blockchains?  how will security of this be resolved?
[2018-07-10T16:50:16.368Z]  <rgrant>  drabiv: same DID on Ethereum and Bitcoin
[2018-07-10T16:50:28.271Z]  <rgrant>  drabiv: do users see the DIDs?
[2018-07-10T16:50:47.167Z]  <rgrant>  drabiv: can humans select the DIDs, and will they acquire vanity value?
[2018-07-10T16:51:08.726Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: we do "a lookup that isn't actually really a lookup"
[2018-07-10T16:51:22.726Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: first we check onchain for changes to the DID
[2018-07-10T16:51:40.327Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: if there are no changes, then the (hashed) address is the public key
[2018-07-10T16:52:12.568Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: this is the same trick that Ethereum uses for recoverable signatures -something- added height and recovery bytes.
[2018-07-10T16:52:23.209Z]  <rgrant>  Music starts to play from Kulpreet Singh device when he accidentally mutes it. Cue Samantha Mathews Chase skillfully singing a sensational solo about DIDs over the hold music. Rumble of laughter ensues...
[2018-07-10T16:52:25.289Z]  <manu>  voip: noise?
[2018-07-10T16:52:31.352Z]  <manu>  voip: noise?
[2018-07-10T16:52:36.147Z]  <manu>  voip: noise?
[2018-07-10T16:52:45.308Z]  <rgrant>  rgrant: lol!!!!
[2018-07-10T16:52:46.227Z]  <ottonomy>  Ok, that's hilarious.
[2018-07-10T16:52:50.549Z]  <irene> hahaha
[2018-07-10T16:52:55.170Z]  <heathervescent>  It's kinda sexist actually.
[2018-07-10T16:52:57.447Z]  <manu>  voip: noise?
[2018-07-10T16:53:04.768Z]  <manu>  voip: noise?
[2018-07-10T16:53:08.127Z]  <manu>  voip: disconnect 234
[2018-07-10T16:53:11.831Z]  <manu>  voip: noise?
[2018-07-10T16:53:13.687Z]  <Moses> Is there a link for this song?
[2018-07-10T16:53:15.839Z]  <manu>  voip: mute 221
[2018-07-10T16:53:19.467Z]  <manu>  voip: mute 23b
[2018-07-10T16:53:31.732Z]  <chase> I'm available for parties, birthdays, weddings
[2018-07-10T16:53:42.766Z]  <ericolszewski> Well, it's nice that hackers are paying attention
[2018-07-10T16:53:57.236Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: recoverable signatures should be usable with Bitcoin as well.
[2018-07-10T16:54:02.865Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: <blee bloop>
[2018-07-10T16:54:51.336Z]  <manu>  voip: connections?
[2018-07-10T16:55:00.799Z]  <kimhd> q?
[2018-07-10T16:55:12.286Z]  <rgrant>  ChristianLundkvist: if you anchor on two chains, that's not really supported.  when you first create the identity, you need to go to a specific Ethereum contract as the refernece point, to look for updates.
[2018-07-10T16:55:27.829Z]  <rgrant>  ChristianLundkvist: if no updates, you generate a DID Document directly from the public key.
[2018-07-10T16:55:42.307Z]  <rgrant>  ChristianLundkvist: there's no way to senibly do this on multiple chains.
[2018-07-10T16:56:25.889Z]  <rgrant>  ChristianLundkvist: and to the later question about someone else registering your DID, it's not a security risk because to use it, you will need to be able to sign with the private key.
[2018-07-10T16:56:38.186Z]  <kimhd> ack markus_sabadello
[2018-07-10T16:56:50.857Z]  <rgrant>  markus_sabadello: when the DID document is created, will it contain public keys?
[2018-07-10T16:57:08.326Z]  <rgrant>  markus_sabadello: asking for clarification
[2018-07-10T16:57:21.657Z]  <ericolszewski> q+
[2018-07-10T16:57:26.992Z]  <heathervescent>  IT WAS NOT ME.
[2018-07-10T16:57:28.594Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: -is back- we require an Ethereum address to resolve.
[2018-07-10T16:57:34.474Z]  <markus_sabadello>  Here's an open issue on whether to store Ethereum addresses vs public keys in DID document: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/56
[2018-07-10T16:57:51.466Z]  <chase> yeah i just started singing lol sorry
[2018-07-10T16:58:05.337Z]  <kimhd> q?
[2018-07-10T16:58:12.609Z]  <rgrant>  ack
[2018-07-10T16:58:24.709Z]  <kimhd> ack rgrant
[2018-07-10T16:58:57.066Z]  <rgrant>  rgrant: rgrant: what languages are you asking for DID method resolver code in?
[2018-07-10T16:59:08.165Z]  <rgrant>  ChristianLundkvist: our library is in Javascript.
[2018-07-10T16:59:29.711Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: we're working on Java and Swift  as well
[2018-07-10T16:59:53.358Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: ... incidents
[2018-07-10T17:00:17.587Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: the first thing is to have a generic DID resolver for that language
[2018-07-10T17:00:38.846Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: it should be in a way that makes sense for that language and platform
[2018-07-10T17:00:38.994Z]  <kimhd> ack ericolszewski
[2018-07-10T17:00:53.798Z]  <rgrant>  ericolszewski: are you working on any integrations with LDAP?
[2018-07-10T17:00:57.404Z]  <manu>  q+ oooh, very interesting
[2018-07-10T17:01:07.926Z]  <rgrant>  pelle: short answer: no
[2018-07-10T17:01:43.457Z]  <pelle> Markus I will update that PR to reflect our current format, which we came to through talks on the mailing list
[2018-07-10T17:01:48.559Z]  <rgrant>  ChristianLundkvist: we've had talks with MSFT about those things, but not anything that is really concrete.  we have some ideas.
[2018-07-10T17:02:05.746Z]  <rgrant>  manu: are you talking about Ethereum DID method or DID in general?
[2018-07-10T17:02:10.037Z]  <pelle> I will have to leave now. Thanks everyone
[2018-07-10T17:02:12.749Z]  <rgrant>  ericolszewski: in general
[2018-07-10T17:02:16.680Z]  <rgrant>  manu: very interesting.
[2018-07-10T17:02:30.278Z]  <rgrant>  manu: reach out if you want to collaborate on that
[2018-07-10T17:02:55.326Z]  <ottonomy> If you like songs in the genre of decentralized identity and credentials, you might like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xf_b-PojsMw
[2018-07-10T17:03:11.738Z]  <rgrant>  ChristianLundkvist: one of the more interesting things is connecting Kerberos to Active Directory and then using PKI capability of Kerberos to sign with your DID.
[2018-07-10T17:03:21.565Z]  <rgrant>  kimhd: over time.  see you next week
[2018-07-10T17:03:23.715Z]  <Moses> Thanks and bye!
[2018-07-10T17:03:35.961Z]  <manu>  ericolszewski - msporny@digitalbazaar.com to start :)
[2018-07-10T17:03:41.905Z]  <jungly>  sorry for the accidental mute ;)
