[2019-03-12T15:59:23.356Z]	<ChristopherA>	@manu The dialin gateway isn't working.
[2019-03-12T15:59:43.495Z]	<Moses>	I am in via dial in
[2019-03-12T15:59:50.206Z]	<Moses>	present+
[2019-03-12T15:59:57.290Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2019-03-12T15:59:58.154Z]	<IsaacPatka>	present+
[2019-03-12T16:00:02.687Z]	<jonathan>	present+
[2019-03-12T16:00:09.598Z]	<IsaacPatka>	dial-in worked for me
[2019-03-12T16:00:13.830Z]	<Justin_R>	present+
[2019-03-12T16:00:19.631Z]	<Vaughan>	present +
[2019-03-12T16:00:32.286Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-03-12T16:00:39.528Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Mar/0016.html
[2019-03-12T16:00:39.666Z]	<kimhd> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Mar/0016.html
[2019-03-12T16:00:41.695Z]	<burn>	present+
[2019-03-12T16:01:22.233Z]	<wip>	present+
[2019-03-12T16:02:39.217Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2019-03-12T16:03:12.928Z]	<drabiv>	present+
[2019-03-12T16:03:13.757Z]	<ken>	present+ Ken_Ebert
[2019-03-12T16:03:46.170Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2019-03-12T16:04:28.690Z]	<ChristopherA>	scribe: dmitriz
[2019-03-12T16:05:03.392Z]	<dmitriz>	Topic: Introductions and Reintroductions
[2019-03-12T16:05:03.802Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: 084f is bigbluehat
[2019-03-12T16:05:22.853Z]	<dmitriz>	jonathan: I'm jonathan holt, work closely with jonnycrunch
[2019-03-12T16:05:23.666Z]	<dmitriz>	kim: [editorial] previous statement is first recorded instance of double-occupancy paradox
[2019-03-12T16:05:32.163Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: dan, you're next on the re-intro list
[2019-03-12T16:05:45.932Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	present+
[2019-03-12T16:05:55.223Z]	<dmitriz>	burn: ok, so, I am one of the co-chairs of the Verifiable Claims WG, which is working on the Verifiable /Credentials/ data model spec
[2019-03-12T16:05:55.416Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	need a scribe?
[2019-03-12T16:06:13.761Z]	<dmitriz>	… I love the idea of working on identity-related problems without identity, using credentials
[2019-03-12T16:06:25.780Z]	<dmitriz>	… I had my own consulting co, and last year joined Consensys full time
[2019-03-12T16:06:36.693Z]	<dmitriz>	Topic: Annoucements and reminders
[2019-03-12T16:06:52.188Z]	<dmitriz>	… next coming up, IIW, Apr 30-May 2nd in Mountain View CA
[2019-03-12T16:06:53.103Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://www.internetidentityworkshop.com
[2019-03-12T16:07:05.243Z]	<dmitriz>	… any other announcements for f2f or anything else?
[2019-03-12T16:07:20.069Z]	<lparker>	present+
[2019-03-12T16:07:31.088Z]	<dmitriz>	Kim: I'm not on irc yet. but I want to mention the Know Conference in Las Vegas
[2019-03-12T16:07:50.160Z]	<dmitriz>	Topic: Action Items
[2019-03-12T16:07:50.710Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://vegas.knowconf.com/
[2019-03-12T16:07:55.349Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2019-03-12T16:07:59.819Z]	<dmitriz>	… been a couple of weeks since we met last, so this may be out of date
[2019-03-12T16:08:08.736Z]	<dmitriz>	… we use our github community repo to manage issues and plan for our events
[2019-03-12T16:08:18.198Z]	<dmitriz>	… so that's the list of action items for review
[2019-03-12T16:08:21.690Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+ markus_sabadello
[2019-03-12T16:08:47.469Z]	<dmitriz>	… updating ABNF for DIDs. some of that discussion took place at Rebooting, but obv. did not involve the whole community, so any suggestions from there will definitely be discusses on here or on some other public forum
[2019-03-12T16:08:52.677Z]	<manu>	q+ to mention VC XYZ Registry
[2019-03-12T16:08:53.822Z]	<dmitriz>	… or we'll schedule a dedicated meeting on it again
[2019-03-12T16:09:05.352Z]	<dmitriz>	… Linked Data Key Format Registry administrivia - Kim?
[2019-03-12T16:09:14.391Z]	<dmitriz>	Kim: I think I ended up tagging manu on that?
[2019-03-12T16:09:15.050Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to ask about ABNF paper
[2019-03-12T16:09:35.229Z]	<drummond>	present+
[2019-03-12T16:09:35.329Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: manu had commented 28 days ago that we /had/ a registry, but we need to extend it to mention the key format
[2019-03-12T16:10:00.823Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: now is probably not the right time to have this discussion, but I'll take on that task. No eta to when I'll get around
[2019-03-12T16:10:09.112Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2019-03-12T16:10:15.272Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2019-03-12T16:10:18.189Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-03-12T16:10:21.462Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-03-12T16:10:25.850Z]	<dmitriz>	dmitriz: I'm happy to take that item as well
[2019-03-12T16:10:35.299Z]	<drummond>	Voip: connections?
[2019-03-12T16:10:36.492Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: ok, I'm adding dmitri and manu to that item
[2019-03-12T16:11:10.650Z]	<drummond>	voip: 840 is drummond
[2019-03-12T16:11:17.083Z]	<dmitriz>	JoeAndrieu: regarding ABNF - there were some questions and comments brought up by mhermann about it,
[2019-03-12T16:11:21.950Z]	<dmitriz>	… so I want to invite Drummond to comment
[2019-03-12T16:11:29.291Z]	<jonathan>	q+
[2019-03-12T16:11:41.709Z]	<dmitriz>	Drummond: <struggle with the mute button is real>
[2019-03-12T16:11:44.769Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-03-12T16:11:51.169Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-03-12T16:12:00.637Z]	<ken>	q+
[2019-03-12T16:12:00.969Z]	<dmitriz>	… I've shared several PMs with mhermann, I think there was a misunderstanding with regards to what we were trying to do there
[2019-03-12T16:12:11.189Z]	<dmitriz>	… which was to have a discussion and brainstorm, and then bring it to the CCG
[2019-03-12T16:12:20.974Z]	<dmitriz>	… nobody is trying to hide it or run around the CCG
[2019-03-12T16:12:41.649Z]	<dmitriz>	… anyways, to complete an actual proposal / draft spec, we'll need several more calls dedicated to the topic
[2019-03-12T16:13:13.623Z]	<dmitriz>	… so that's my report. we made a little bit of progress, but much discussion needs to still happen on calls
[2019-03-12T16:13:44.178Z]	<dmitriz>	mhermann: I think there was some poor communication; drummond and I have discussed it
[2019-03-12T16:14:02.216Z]	<dmitriz>	… I'd like to advocate a process that starts with DID URL use cases, and use that to drive the ABNF grammar discussion
[2019-03-12T16:14:09.531Z]	<dmitriz>	… whereas we're trying to do it the other way around
[2019-03-12T16:14:19.570Z]	<dmitriz>	… I suggested a couple of initial DID URL use cases
[2019-03-12T16:14:32.775Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: I want to encourage you guys to take this to dedicated meetings.
[2019-03-12T16:14:45.022Z]	<dmitriz>	… the chairs were a little concerned about dedicating more meetings of the main group to it
[2019-03-12T16:14:53.179Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack jonathan
[2019-03-12T16:14:54.158Z]	<dmitriz>	… we certainly would love to hear you report back, about the various challenges and solutions
[2019-03-12T16:14:59.370Z]	<manu>	q+ to mention ABNF use cases
[2019-03-12T16:15:21.600Z]	<dmitriz>	jonathan: just to distinguish between ABNF rules for the "naked did" vs the DID URL spec
[2019-03-12T16:15:31.778Z]	<dmitriz>	… keeping the distinction separate might be helpful.
[2019-03-12T16:15:38.123Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ken
[2019-03-12T16:15:38.274Z]	<brent>	present+
[2019-03-12T16:15:40.596Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-03-12T16:15:46.111Z]	<dmitriz>	… plus there's the struggle with each DID method having its own specialized ABNF
[2019-03-12T16:15:57.208Z]	<dmitriz>	ken: one of the usecases was my own, which was the need for immutable data references
[2019-03-12T16:15:57.929Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-03-12T16:16:03.468Z]	<dmitriz>	… so it is definitely usecase driven
[2019-03-12T16:16:13.332Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: just to underscore the usecase driven thing that ken and michael mentioned,
[2019-03-12T16:16:21.936Z]	<manu>	Collected use cases for DID ABNF from RWoT8: https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot8-barcelona/blob/master/draft-documents/did-spec-refinement.md#feature-refinement
[2019-03-12T16:16:24.517Z]	<dmitriz>	… we did collect a number of usecases for the DID abnf from Rebooting 8
[2019-03-12T16:16:29.951Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1 to use cases. Please get them to me either by PR or email for the use case document
[2019-03-12T16:16:49.070Z]	<drummond>	I would be happy to help organize some dedicated DID spec meetings—I think we will need a few to close on the Community Final Draft of the DID spec. We've held them before on Thursdays. I'll send an email to the CCG list proposing a time.
[2019-03-12T16:16:49.589Z]	<dmitriz>	… so if you go that link, there's a number of cases, and Ken and Drummond chased down a number of other people who had use cases with regards to service urls, etc
[2019-03-12T16:17:01.398Z]	<dmitriz>	… so, we're definitely taking the use case driven approach even now
[2019-03-12T16:17:26.140Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-resolution/issues/32
[2019-03-12T16:17:29.111Z]	<dmitriz>	mhermann: I'd like to ask people to look at issue 32 on the DID resolution spec
[2019-03-12T16:17:43.614Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: I'd like to encourage again to take this discussion to dedicated calls, and report back
[2019-03-12T16:17:56.061Z]	<dmitriz>	… finally, we had the Security Model and Threats discussion, with Ryan and .. ?
[2019-03-12T16:18:05.634Z]	<dmitriz>	… Ryan, are you here today? no, traveling. we'll skip this for now
[2019-03-12T16:18:12.751Z]	<dmitriz>	… so that's it for the Review Next section this week
[2019-03-12T16:18:27.931Z]	<dmitriz>	… we'll pick a different set next week
[2019-03-12T16:18:34.678Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: Next agenda item: New Work Item process
[2019-03-12T16:18:44.853Z]	<dmitriz>	… because of Rebooting, and the new year, we have a variety fo potential new work items
[2019-03-12T16:18:51.098Z]	<dmitriz>	… that we'll need to approve and process over the next year
[2019-03-12T16:19:01.316Z]	<dmitriz>	… this is a rough draft, we're still working on final details to propose to everybody
[2019-03-12T16:19:21.512Z]	<dmitriz>	… re manu's proposal on the verifiable credentials registry stuff
[2019-03-12T16:19:48.391Z]	<dmitriz>	… manu (possibly matt?) made a proposal to the mailing list with regards to a registry repo
[2019-03-12T16:20:06.141Z]	<manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Mar/0010.html
[2019-03-12T16:20:15.993Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: We've created a template in the repo for templates for new Work Items for the CCG
[2019-03-12T16:20:21.119Z]	<manu>	Proposal for registries from Dan Burnett ^^^
[2019-03-12T16:20:23.891Z]	<dmitriz>	… so, if you want to create a new item, please use the template
[2019-03-12T16:20:31.474Z]	<jonathan>	q+ (how does the registries scale ?)
[2019-03-12T16:20:45.863Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to talk about doing the work
[2019-03-12T16:20:49.550Z]	<dmitriz>	… <some description of the template>
[2019-03-12T16:21:06.453Z]	<dmitriz>	… it's automatically tagged as a work item (that template), which allows us to schedule a call automatically for it
[2019-03-12T16:21:12.054Z]	<burn>	q+ to ask if VCWG chairs need to do this since already requested the work
[2019-03-12T16:21:31.171Z]	<dmitriz>	… we'll have a discussion, then we send a notification to the list, and if there's no objection, it becomes an official Work Item
[2019-03-12T16:21:36.853Z]	<dmitriz>	… this is involved, but necessary
[2019-03-12T16:21:54.111Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-03-12T16:21:54.221Z]	<dmitriz>	… helps us keep track of who is responsible, whether there is critical mass, etc
[2019-03-12T16:21:59.952Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack jonathan
[2019-03-12T16:22:07.993Z]	<dmitriz>	jonathan: how does the idea of these registries scale?
[2019-03-12T16:22:21.382Z]	<dmitriz>	… for example, semantic interop for Credentials for a Bachelors Degree
[2019-03-12T16:22:30.582Z]	<Justin_R>	q+ what's the cost for something not to be on the registry?
[2019-03-12T16:22:39.912Z]	<dmitriz>	… how are the expansions going to be handled - just by the registry? the community, or what
[2019-03-12T16:22:48.000Z]	<manu>	q+ to answer some questions wrt. intended use of registry.
[2019-03-12T16:22:50.292Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: I absolutely believe there's a role for Schemas, as a work item for the CG
[2019-03-12T16:22:57.515Z]	<dmitriz>	… I'm not sure if that's exactly a registry
[2019-03-12T16:23:00.760Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-03-12T16:23:04.750Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-03-12T16:23:07.020Z]	<dmitriz>	… but it's a good question
[2019-03-12T16:23:23.294Z]	<dmitriz>	JoeAndrieu: somewhere, we have a registry that can link to external work
[2019-03-12T16:23:27.477Z]	<dmitriz>	… I share your concerns about scalability
[2019-03-12T16:23:39.930Z]	<dmitriz>	… Also: we have far too many Work Items than we've been able to facilitate
[2019-03-12T16:23:53.293Z]	<dmitriz>	… all these projects need leads, and we'll start holding the leads accountable (including myself)
[2019-03-12T16:24:00.653Z]	<dmitriz>	… to make sure they're moving forward (or taking them off the list)
[2019-03-12T16:24:09.902Z]	<dmitriz>	… our near-term focus is - chartering the DID Working Group
[2019-03-12T16:24:18.973Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack burn
[2019-03-12T16:24:22.133Z]	<dmitriz>	… I'm concerned about our workload. We need people to step up and help us with these
[2019-03-12T16:24:47.857Z]	<dmitriz>	burn: so, this is a bit of a surprise; I sent an email requesting the registry work. Do I also need to fill out this Work Item form?
[2019-03-12T16:24:56.332Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: yes. it should be straightforward though, in your case
[2019-03-12T16:25:28.532Z]	<dmitriz>	burn: ok, the other thing I wanted to say — you mentioned the focus on the DID WG. I want to point out that the VC WG was also spun out of this CG.
[2019-03-12T16:25:42.832Z]	<dmitriz>	… and that's also a crucial component. And this CG needs that work completed /before/ the DID work
[2019-03-12T16:25:45.551Z]	<manu>	+1 - VC Registry is critical.
[2019-03-12T16:25:47.636Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-03-12T16:25:47.897Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to mention lead on new proposal
[2019-03-12T16:25:48.842Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-03-12T16:25:53.017Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack just
[2019-03-12T16:25:53.633Z]	<dmitriz>	… so I want to make sure we finish the existing WG work first
[2019-03-12T16:25:56.453Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack Justin_R
[2019-03-12T16:26:13.131Z]	<dmitriz>	justin_R: what does it mean to have a data item or a schema to /not/ be in the registry?
[2019-03-12T16:26:25.291Z]	<dmitriz>	… does that mean the Universal Resolver will refuse to acknowledge it? Will there be name collisions?
[2019-03-12T16:26:36.051Z]	<dmitriz>	… what does the registry actually get us? (in terms of formality, interop, community agreement)
[2019-03-12T16:26:36.743Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-03-12T16:26:39.650Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-03-12T16:26:41.321Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-03-12T16:26:42.575Z]	<dmitriz>	… how much can I ignore it, as an implementer?
[2019-03-12T16:26:49.055Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: just to answer that directly, Justin
[2019-03-12T16:27:01.457Z]	<dmitriz>	… cause there are variations on that question that keep coming up, about the registries
[2019-03-12T16:27:15.563Z]	<dmitriz>	… right now, they're meant to be human-readable only. A place that implementors can go to, to find out all the work that's happening in the area
[2019-03-12T16:27:25.621Z]	<dmitriz>	… to go, "Oh, so this has been expanded in XYZ ways, etc"
[2019-03-12T16:27:38.182Z]	<dmitriz>	… there are no penalties for not being in the registry. it's a voluntary thing
[2019-03-12T16:27:49.609Z]	<dmitriz>	… there should not be any kind of fights over what goes into the registry. it's meant to be a low bar
[2019-03-12T16:28:00.510Z]	<dmitriz>	… to speak to jonathan's question - with respect to the credentials registry
[2019-03-12T16:28:14.750Z]	<dmitriz>	… if it's a market vertical specific thing, we expect that discussion to happen in the specific vertical group
[2019-03-12T16:28:22.949Z]	<burn>	registry has same use as MIME type registry - avoid namespace collisions and encourage documentation of claimed registry values
[2019-03-12T16:28:30.154Z]	<dmitriz>	… we expect that work to happen elsewhere. and if those communities want to put their stuff into the registry, we can do that
[2019-03-12T16:28:36.148Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-03-12T16:28:40.501Z]	<dmitriz>	… anyways, these registries are lightweight, human readable, ignoreable.
[2019-03-12T16:28:48.101Z]	<dmitriz>	joeAndrieu: to build on that a little bit
[2019-03-12T16:29:01.299Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q-
[2019-03-12T16:29:02.243Z]	<dmitriz>	… manu didn't mention namespacing, but they are there to deal with name collision issue
[2019-03-12T16:29:27.228Z]	<dmitriz>	… who is taking lead for helping us find consensus on registry issues?
[2019-03-12T16:29:37.692Z]	<dmitriz>	… for example, there are currently arguments about the HTTPS did method proposal
[2019-03-12T16:29:51.712Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-03-12T16:29:52.552Z]	<burn>	thanks Joe
[2019-03-12T16:29:53.562Z]	<dmitriz>	… who is going to help resolve that? (hopefully it doesn't end up in the CG)
[2019-03-12T16:30:07.140Z]	<dmitriz>	… also, what's the scope? it's one Work Item for all of them, or 5 different items?
[2019-03-12T16:30:15.210Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: +1 to the above comments
[2019-03-12T16:30:24.812Z]	<dmitriz>	… at some point, we may want to add a field to the registries, the Conformance Level
[2019-03-12T16:31:00.500Z]	<dmitriz>	… anybody can do a DID method, just like with Verifiable Credentials, but when it comes to lists of conforming implementations, there should be a higher bar to entry
[2019-03-12T16:31:21.711Z]	<dmitriz>	… so, right now, there is no conformance test for DID methods, everyone is preliminary. as the spec advances, we may add higher criteria, more restrictive
[2019-03-12T16:31:35.610Z]	<dmitriz>	… but that's down the line, it'll evolve
[2019-03-12T16:31:36.734Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-03-12T16:31:37.683Z]	<manu>	q+ to note one registry for VCs and volunteer burn. :P
[2019-03-12T16:31:41.520Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-03-12T16:32:16.539Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: noting that the VC Registry (whatever we'll end up calling it) is critical for the WG's spec to make progress
[2019-03-12T16:32:34.273Z]	<burn>	grrrr
[2019-03-12T16:32:41.129Z]	<dmitriz>	… we need to do it asap. Dan, would you mind taking the lead? Dan: grrrr
[2019-03-12T16:32:49.430Z]	<dmitriz>	… or somebody else needs to volunteer
[2019-03-12T16:33:09.328Z]	<dmitriz>	burn: my plan was to send an email to the VCWG list, to ask for a volunteer
[2019-03-12T16:33:14.503Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-03-12T16:33:32.671Z]	<heathervescent>	Chris' line is really choppy
[2019-03-12T16:33:33.666Z]	<kimhd> Topic: RWOT8 Report Out
[2019-03-12T16:33:33.711Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot8-barcelona/blob/master/README.md
[2019-03-12T16:33:34.413Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: next agenda item, Discussion about Rebooting the Web of Trust
[2019-03-12T16:33:51.182Z]	<dmitriz>	… there are 25 items that came out of that event. We're not saying that any of these need to advance in any way to this group
[2019-03-12T16:34:30.017Z]	<dmitriz>	… I know there was some suggestion that - these items should move on to the CG, so I wanted to give people a chance to report out
[2019-03-12T16:34:30.880Z]	<burn>	Christopher, your line alternates between fine and choppy on about a one minute cycle
[2019-03-12T16:34:35.191Z]	<manu>	q+ to note DID spec work that happened at RWoT8 -- summary
[2019-03-12T16:34:44.852Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-03-12T16:34:47.473Z]	<dmitriz>	… so, I'd like that (preferably short) discussion to happen
[2019-03-12T16:34:58.189Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: there are two things that happened around Rebooting
[2019-03-12T16:35:09.830Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot8-barcelona/blob/master/topics-and-advance-readings/w3c-identity-workshop-report.md
[2019-03-12T16:35:14.550Z]	<dmitriz>	… one of them is - the W3C Strong Authn and Identity Workshop report was published right before rebooting
[2019-03-12T16:35:23.391Z]	<dmitriz>	… highly recommend it, it's useful. the most important item was
[2019-03-12T16:35:25.751Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot8-barcelona/blob/master/topics-and-advance-readings/w3c-identity-workshop-report.md#52-decentralized-identifiers-and-verifiable-credentials
[2019-03-12T16:35:28.799Z]	<dmitriz>	… the one around DIDs and VCs
[2019-03-12T16:35:41.710Z]	<dmitriz>	… as all of you know, there's advanced notice for a charter, in process, for a DID WG
[2019-03-12T16:35:55.122Z]	<dmitriz>	… a number of us got together at rebooting, and worked on a large list of items on the DID spec
[2019-03-12T16:36:10.816Z]	<dmitriz>	… with /huge/ thanks to Amy Guy (rhiaro) who processed and closed 23 issues on the DID spec
[2019-03-12T16:36:14.020Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot8-barcelona/blob/master/draft-documents/did-spec-refinement.md
[2019-03-12T16:36:23.074Z]	<dmitriz>	… for those that want a summary of what we worked on, there is a report-out (link above)
[2019-03-12T16:36:25.073Z]	<drummond>	MASSIVE KUDOS to Amy!
[2019-03-12T16:36:29.956Z]	<drummond>	She was a superstar
[2019-03-12T16:36:33.477Z]	<dmitriz>	… it explains what's going on at W3C, the items coming up, etc
[2019-03-12T16:36:42.983Z]	<dmitriz>	… most of the issues were editorial / improvements to readability
[2019-03-12T16:36:49.472Z]	<dmitriz>	… but we brought up some new discussion features
[2019-03-12T16:36:54.797Z]	<dmitriz>	… so, go read the link.
[2019-03-12T16:37:04.953Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: manu, are there any particular plans for follow-up side-group discussions on this?
[2019-03-12T16:37:10.492Z]	<dmitriz>	… how do people continue participating?
[2019-03-12T16:37:25.860Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: next steps are - Drummond and Ken are working on a paper (I'll let them speak to that)
[2019-03-12T16:37:43.039Z]	<dmitriz>	… Amy and I are going to continue issue triage, we didn't have enough time at rebooting, so we'll keep going on the editorial stuff
[2019-03-12T16:38:00.871Z]	<dmitriz>	… I don't think there are any separate calls scheduled? until we see a need
[2019-03-12T16:38:01.379Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-03-12T16:38:02.641Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-03-12T16:38:06.480Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack drummond
[2019-03-12T16:38:18.016Z]	<dmitriz>	drummond: I agree with manu, I don't think we need a call on any of the editorial stuff
[2019-03-12T16:38:30.074Z]	<dmitriz>	… I've been talking to Markus about the regular DID Resolution calls
[2019-03-12T16:38:46.028Z]	<dmitriz>	… maybe we can have back-to-back calls with that, talking about ABNF and related topics
[2019-03-12T16:39:11.159Z]	<dmitriz>	… and hopefully we can have it all join into the Final Community Group Report
[2019-03-12T16:39:17.861Z]	<drummond>	"Final Community Group Report" <== that's our goal
[2019-03-12T16:39:18.930Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: anybody else, with regards to rebooting?
[2019-03-12T16:39:32.170Z]	<dmitriz>	… I'm going to briefly add one of my own
[2019-03-12T16:39:39.250Z]	<dmitriz>	… not necessarily a proposal, but a larger question
[2019-03-12T16:39:57.031Z]	<dmitriz>	… this community has the responsibility for a number of cryptographic specs (assigning Suites for VCs etc)
[2019-03-12T16:40:16.831Z]	<dmitriz>	… as we advance in this, we'll need to attract more cryptographers, to help have more eyes on these
[2019-03-12T16:40:24.378Z]	<dmitriz>	… for example, the decentralized key recovery work
[2019-03-12T16:40:39.823Z]	<dmitriz>	… so there's an opportunity for the CCG to take on soc. key recovery (Shamir Secret sharing etc)
[2019-03-12T16:41:03.373Z]	<dmitriz>	… and maybe it can go to the IETF, help prove the larger crypto community that we're very serious about this work
[2019-03-12T16:41:11.590Z]	<drummond>	+1 I really like Christopher's plan
[2019-03-12T16:41:14.654Z]	<dmitriz>	… I don't know if this is a viable direction for the CCG, but wanted to bring up the topic
[2019-03-12T16:41:14.911Z]	<jonathan>	q+
[2019-03-12T16:41:15.676Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-03-12T16:41:17.893Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to mention Satyrn as potential educational tool
[2019-03-12T16:41:20.590Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack jonathan
[2019-03-12T16:41:31.550Z]	<dmitriz>	jonathan: to get back to terminology, the type definition in the schemas
[2019-03-12T16:42:01.316Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-03-12T16:42:05.413Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot8-barcelona/blob/master/draft-documents/satyrn.md
[2019-03-12T16:42:09.771Z]	<dmitriz>	for example, the Cha-Cha (& someothers) — those specs are evolving, how do we keep them up to date? how do we specify which version of the algorithm we're referencing, etc
[2019-03-12T16:42:31.392Z]	<wip>	* and me
[2019-03-12T16:42:33.263Z]	<dmitriz>	JoeAndrieu: this is one of the projects I've worked on at Rebooting. we made this thing called Satyrn (based on the Jupytyr notebook)
[2019-03-12T16:42:34.469Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot8-barcelona/tree/master/draft-documents
[2019-03-12T16:42:47.188Z]	<dmitriz>	… hopefully it'll be useful as an educational tool, to help people work with Javascript and some of these VC technologies
[2019-03-12T16:42:55.654Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/satyrn
[2019-03-12T16:43:11.796Z]	<gannan>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/satyrn/tree/start ...current branch
[2019-03-12T16:43:15.889Z]	<dmitriz>	… anyway, it's a mix of Markdown and JS (which you can actually do in .md, but this is interactive)
[2019-03-12T16:43:25.650Z]	<dmitriz>	… so people can try out the code, it prints results on the console box below
[2019-03-12T16:43:32.531Z]	<dmitriz>	… hopefully the CCG will find this useful
[2019-03-12T16:43:36.110Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: any other report-outs?
[2019-03-12T16:43:46.892Z]	<manu>	q+ to note somethig
[2019-03-12T16:43:48.971Z]	<jonathan>	q+
[2019-03-12T16:43:52.489Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-03-12T16:43:53.537Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-03-12T16:43:59.254Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: one thing around interop testing
[2019-03-12T16:44:19.029Z]	<dmitriz>	… there were a number of orgs that were interested in the Credentials Handler API & interop testing. (For doing DID Auth and Credential Handling in the browser)
[2019-03-12T16:44:32.098Z]	<dmitriz>	… for wallet interop and DID interop, over the next year
[2019-03-12T16:44:47.691Z]	<dmitriz>	… we're currently trying to work with those orgs, bring them into the CCG, figure out what a viable roundtrip testing would look like
[2019-03-12T16:45:12.300Z]	<dmitriz>	… as a heads-up, large orgs are starting to use the Credential Handler API (though they're not part of this community yet)
[2019-03-12T16:45:30.009Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-03-12T16:45:30.636Z]	<dmitriz>	… so maybe this year, we can focus more on interop testing (between different DID methods, VCs issued by different stacks, etc)
[2019-03-12T16:45:35.051Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack jonathan
[2019-03-12T16:45:49.836Z]	<dmitriz>	jonathan: to echo the epiphany I mentioned on the VCWG call
[2019-03-12T16:46:53.182Z]	<dmitriz>	… the IPLD method — you can serialize JSON-LD on top of IPLD, but there's no backwards compatibility
[2019-03-12T16:47:03.277Z]	<dmitriz>	… the whole issue I've been raising about objects and links, and the IPLD "/" usage
[2019-03-12T16:47:14.302Z]	<dmitriz>	… I've a number of issues open with the IPFS community
[2019-03-12T16:47:28.416Z]	<dmitriz>	… about the cbor serialization, and an explicit IPLD mime type
[2019-03-12T16:47:31.923Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack drummond
[2019-03-12T16:47:57.901Z]	<dmitriz>	… it'll take a while to go through the IETF. but in the DID spec, we need to ground ourselves in a serialization format
[2019-03-12T16:48:12.530Z]	<dmitriz>	… but in the end, our type is actually CBOR (byte array, deterministic json, binary)
[2019-03-12T16:48:35.521Z]	<dmitriz>	drummond: two things. Christopher, when you asked earlier about our papers at Rebooting, I didn't talk about the paper we started there, called Understanding DIDs in Greater Depth
[2019-03-12T16:48:51.129Z]	<dmitriz>	… we wanted something in between the Primer (high level) and the spec (too low-level). so that's the paper we started. it's very early stage
[2019-03-12T16:49:03.674Z]	<dmitriz>	… I want to make sure folks knew that we want this to be a community doc
[2019-03-12T16:49:27.509Z]	<dmitriz>	… the other thing: I've been txting with Markus, there's currently a call on DID Resolution every other week on Thurs, on 1-2pm Pacific time,
[2019-03-12T16:49:35.121Z]	<dmitriz>	… what we're proposing is a 2 hour block instead
[2019-03-12T16:50:22.809Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot8-barcelona/blob/master/README.md
[2019-03-12T16:50:26.871Z]	<dmitriz>	… one hour for DID spec related features (ABNF stuff), and the second hour for DID Resolution topics
[2019-03-12T16:50:39.616Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: there were quite a few other docs at rebooting
[2019-03-12T16:50:51.263Z]	<dmitriz>	… in particular I want to point out some of the "softer" ones (I wish there was a better word for that),
[2019-03-12T16:50:59.430Z]	<dmitriz>	… but I wanted to highlight them to this community
[2019-03-12T16:51:21.531Z]	<manu>	q+ to mention legal framework stuff that happened as well.
[2019-03-12T16:51:26.892Z]	<dmitriz>	… for example, the Digital Citizen one
[2019-03-12T16:51:35.930Z]	<dmitriz>	… and how SSI can survive Capitalism
[2019-03-12T16:51:43.259Z]	<dmitriz>	… various failure modes and opportunities
[2019-03-12T16:51:59.091Z]	<samchase>	present+
[2019-03-12T16:52:12.791Z]	<dmitriz>	… there was one by Elizabeth and ?, about the legal side of Verifiable Credentials
[2019-03-12T16:52:17.001Z]	<dmitriz>	… looking forward to that one
[2019-03-12T16:52:27.533Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-03-12T16:52:32.721Z]	<dmitriz>	… there was the Crypto Jurisdiction one. Sam did some interesting work on how to drive adoption of SSI
[2019-03-12T16:52:42.400Z]	<dmitriz>	… through particular scenarios, like Safety and Security, a great usecase
[2019-03-12T16:52:53.075Z]	<dmitriz>	… for why that's a good place to leverage / bootstrap the VC ecosystem
[2019-03-12T16:53:05.033Z]	<dmitriz>	… On the technical side, there was some work on how to use OpenID Connect for DID Auth and VC Presentation
[2019-03-12T16:53:26.710Z]	<dmitriz>	… as the VC WG finishes and has their final doc approved, it'll become more and more the responsibility of the CCG to advance forward things like protocols that use VCs
[2019-03-12T16:53:38.721Z]	<dmitriz>	… so, at some point, a new VC Protocol WG will be chartered
[2019-03-12T16:53:49.975Z]	<dmitriz>	… but until then, that stuff will be shepherded in this community
[2019-03-12T16:54:05.135Z]	<dmitriz>	… there are a lot of paper (25). None of these have the weight of standards, that's not the point,
[2019-03-12T16:54:10.491Z]	<dmitriz>	… the point is incubation
[2019-03-12T16:54:17.342Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-03-12T16:54:20.270Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-03-12T16:54:24.020Z]	<dmitriz>	… and it's up to the authors whether to pass it to the W3C groups
[2019-03-12T16:54:28.538Z]	<dmitriz>	manu: to underscore one of the items
[2019-03-12T16:54:37.012Z]	<dmitriz>	… we had a group that was working on Legal Things (tm)
[2019-03-12T16:54:42.294Z]	<dmitriz>	… folks with an actual law background
[2019-03-12T16:54:49.780Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot8-barcelona/blob/master/draft-documents/sociolegal-frameworks.txt
[2019-03-12T16:54:52.080Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2019-03-12T16:55:01.009Z]	<dmitriz>	… both constructing their view of what we're doing (which was super helpful). But even more exciting - Katrina and Elizabeth and their team
[2019-03-12T16:55:03.452Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot8-barcelona/blob/master/draft-documents/did-spec-refinement.md#new-features-and-requirements
[2019-03-12T16:55:21.581Z]	<dmitriz>	… was there to field questions. We had 2 new features we had been talking about for a while in the DID spec, and we were finally able to consult with them on them
[2019-03-12T16:55:39.820Z]	<dmitriz>	… for example, what keys you use to issue VCs, and what keys you use to enter into legal agreements (think DocuSign and EverSign)
[2019-03-12T16:55:48.429Z]	<dmitriz>	… and we were able to run over to their group and ask, to put it on their radar
[2019-03-12T16:55:59.289Z]	<dmitriz>	… that we'd really like that we would love some legal opinion on these features
[2019-03-12T16:56:21.755Z]	<dmitriz>	… so, that's definitely one of the times we absolutely needed legal direction, and there were lawyers right there, we could ask to start thinking about this in the next couple of months
[2019-03-12T16:56:30.409Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-03-12T16:56:37.929Z]	<dmitriz>	… so, that was really nice to see, this group definitely needs more than just technologists
[2019-03-12T16:56:56.735Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot8-barcelona/blob/master/draft-documents/Joram_Illustrated.md
[2019-03-12T16:56:57.275Z]	<dmitriz>	… The other thing that was great to see - Katie Gilligan (sp?) was doing illustrations of one of the papers
[2019-03-12T16:57:13.819Z]	<dmitriz>	… and it was fantastic to see artists get involved, having somebody create artwork based on the papers
[2019-03-12T16:57:16.801Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-03-12T16:57:20.062Z]	<dmitriz>	… so, happy to see more non-tech involvement
[2019-03-12T16:57:24.812Z]	<jonathan>	katie's photo: https://twitter.com/TranSendX/status/1105127381646348294
[2019-03-12T16:57:32.774Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: ok, it's 9:57 and the q is empty, so, let's call it
[2019-03-12T16:57:36.351Z]	<Moses>	Thanks all!
[2019-03-12T16:57:37.791Z]	<Moses>	bye
[2019-03-12T16:57:48.223Z]	<jonathan>	oops
[2019-03-12T16:58:03.520Z]	<dmitriz>	JoeAndrieu: that link there is Carlotta, the graphic facilitator
[2019-03-12T16:58:19.871Z]	<dmitriz>	ChristopherA: if you have more Work Items for the group you'd like us to consider, open issues
[2019-03-12T16:58:37.991Z]	<dmitriz>	… thanks everyone
[2019-03-12T18:11:25.926Z]	<gannan>	voip: connections?
