[2019-04-23T15:58:38.705Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2019-04-23T15:58:47.092Z]	<Justin_R>	present+
[2019-04-23T15:58:55.799Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2019-04-23T15:59:05.483Z]	<ChristopherA>	agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Apr/0126.html
[2019-04-23T16:01:05.881Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2019-04-23T16:01:13.510Z]	<achughes>	present+
[2019-04-23T16:01:19.246Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ Joe_Andrieu
[2019-04-23T16:02:24.308Z]	<achughes>	scribe: achughes
[2019-04-23T16:02:48.731Z]	<achughes>	topic: Agenda review
[2019-04-23T16:02:51.434Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	present+
[2019-04-23T16:03:19.621Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2019-04-23T16:03:27.894Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+ markus_sabadello
[2019-04-23T16:03:32.805Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2019-04-23T16:04:10.171Z]	<identitywoman>	present+
[2019-04-23T16:04:10.556Z]	<achughes>	topic: IP Note, call notes
[2019-04-23T16:04:13.755Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-04-23T16:04:20.502Z]	<achughes>	topic: Introductions and re-introductions
[2019-04-23T16:04:23.293Z]	<ken>	present+
[2019-04-23T16:04:29.108Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Anyone new on today’s call?
[2019-04-23T16:04:52.876Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Reintroductions? Anyone?
[2019-04-23T16:05:45.465Z]	<achughes>	Lionel_Wolberger: Hi!
[2019-04-23T16:06:11.966Z]	<achughes>	… engaged with ccg for a while - passionate about privacy and identity
[2019-04-23T16:06:13.474Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-04-23T16:06:25.129Z]	<achughes>	… a founder - Platin - location based startup
[2019-04-23T16:06:38.519Z]	<samchase>	present+
[2019-04-23T16:06:49.859Z]	<achughes>	… working on a machine learning project at the moment
[2019-04-23T16:06:55.587Z]	<achughes>	topic: Announcements
[2019-04-23T16:07:06.262Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: are the DID Spec calls continuing this week?
[2019-04-23T16:07:11.451Z]	<achughes>	… <yes>
[2019-04-23T16:07:53.932Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Next week’s ccg meeting is cancelled due to Internet Identity Workshop in Mountain View
[2019-04-23T16:07:55.812Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: bigbluehat is 009a
[2019-04-23T16:08:01.793Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: 009a is bigbluehat
[2019-04-23T16:08:11.594Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: www.internetidentityworkshop.com if you are interested in attending as well
[2019-04-23T16:08:20.153Z]	<heathervescent>	I do. I will get it.
[2019-04-23T16:08:24.026Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: is there a URL for the DID hackathon?
[2019-04-23T16:08:45.456Z]	<achughes>	… DIF hackathon to work on interop topics
[2019-04-23T16:08:52.345Z]	<heathervescent>	Via Daniel Buchner: "The DIF F2F is set for the space at the Moffett Tower in Sunnyvale (https://www.google.com/maps?q=1020+Enterprise+Way+Sunnyvale+California+94089+), from 12-5pm, with light food arriving at ~12:30. We will likely hold a gathering for more low-key discussion at a TBD happy hour location in downtown MV or SV at ~6pm."
[2019-04-23T16:09:04.490Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: RWOT 9 September 3-6 in Prague - Eventbrite signup coming soon
[2019-04-23T16:09:20.607Z]	<achughes>	… www.weboftrust.info for more details - please consider attending!
[2019-04-23T16:09:24.133Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-04-23T16:09:52.297Z]	<identitywoman>	The call for papers is out
[2019-04-23T16:09:54.195Z]	<achughes>	Lionel_Wolberger: Mydata is late September
[2019-04-23T16:09:56.233Z]	<manu>	q+ to ask when DID WG charter issues might be discussed?
[2019-04-23T16:10:02.341Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to ask about TPAC
[2019-04-23T16:10:03.814Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-04-23T16:10:08.406Z]	<identitywoman>	ID2020 has something happening UNGA week in NYC
[2019-04-23T16:10:16.717Z]	<markus_sabadello>	https://mydata2019.org/ in September
[2019-04-23T16:10:18.348Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Please add URLs to the notes if you have more events we should track
[2019-04-23T16:10:18.411Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2019-04-23T16:10:30.336Z]	<achughes>	manu: Status on DID WG Charter discussions?
[2019-04-23T16:10:39.691Z]	<kimhd>	I can answer that Manu
[2019-04-23T16:10:45.978Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack kim
[2019-04-23T16:10:48.721Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Chairs waiting for things to settle down a bit and dive in after IIW more
[2019-04-23T16:10:51.955Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack kimhd
[2019-04-23T16:11:16.418Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: Small group has been meeting to discuss DID WG charter issues.
[2019-04-23T16:11:33.001Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter
[2019-04-23T16:11:40.517Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: At the AC meeting last month, met with Tony Nadalin to discuss issues
[2019-04-23T16:11:50.517Z]	<jonathan_holt>	present+ jonathan_holt
[2019-04-23T16:12:00.266Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: Have categorized the issues
[2019-04-23T16:12:33.956Z]	<achughes>	… some easy issues, some hard issues that need further discussion
[2019-04-23T16:13:08.111Z]	<achughes>	… making progress, optimistic that there will be a reasonable outcome
[2019-04-23T16:13:10.351Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-04-23T16:13:41.281Z]	<achughes>	burn: We are creating pull requests for all the issues - for group review - more efficient this way
[2019-04-23T16:14:04.707Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2019-04-23T16:14:28.079Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-04-23T16:14:28.374Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: check the issues list link above for discussion scheduling
[2019-04-23T16:14:34.481Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://www.w3.org/2019/09/TPAC/
[2019-04-23T16:14:40.526Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-04-23T16:14:48.600Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: Discussion about the next TPAC
[2019-04-23T16:15:19.773Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: Wants input from the group on what we should do
[2019-04-23T16:15:36.513Z]	<achughes>	manu: never hurts to get on the schedule to reserve space and cancel if necessary
[2019-04-23T16:16:00.530Z]	<achughes>	… opportunity to keep the W3C membership apprised of what’s coming down the pike
[2019-04-23T16:16:15.968Z]	<achughes>	… for example progress update on the DID WG startup
[2019-04-23T16:16:36.582Z]	<achughes>	… also verifiable credentials status, interop testing, etc. An opportunity to avoid surprising the Members
[2019-04-23T16:17:13.026Z]	<achughes>	Action: manu to add an issue in the repo to plan for TPAC activities
[2019-04-23T16:17:24.541Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2019-04-23T16:17:26.440Z]	<achughes>	topic: Open issues
[2019-04-23T16:17:44.056Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues
[2019-04-23T16:17:50.066Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Any issues that are not in the list already?
[2019-04-23T16:18:09.000Z]	<chrisboscolo>	present+
[2019-04-23T16:18:34.986Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: the chairs manage ccg meeting agendas from the issues list
[2019-04-23T16:18:58.466Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Would like to have a report out from a company in May on the status of their code, roadmap, etc
[2019-04-23T16:19:08.577Z]	<achughes>	… looking for volunteers to do this
[2019-04-23T16:19:39.389Z]	<achughes>	topic: ABNF Task Force
[2019-04-23T16:19:59.638Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/187
[2019-04-23T16:20:07.867Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: ABNF task force has been meeting on Thursdays to work through issuses - report out now
[2019-04-23T16:20:28.166Z]	<achughes>	… the pull request is being updated from the discussions - take a look
[2019-04-23T16:21:21.090Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: Weekly Meetings to discuss did-spec and did-resolution
[2019-04-23T16:21:48.059Z]	<achughes>	… detailed discussions about meaning of resolution, syntax, ABNF grammar, dereferencing
[2019-04-23T16:21:56.926Z]	<achughes>	… for DIDs
[2019-04-23T16:22:24.326Z]	<achughes>	… the pull requests contains a new grammer for did-url plus explanations of the syntax
[2019-04-23T16:22:33.329Z]	<achughes>	… the primary contruct is “matrix parameters”
[2019-04-23T16:23:09.930Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-04-23T16:23:13.257Z]	<achughes>	… A list of key-value pairs, semi-colon delimited. follows the naked DID. Processing instructions are there
[2019-04-23T16:23:34.781Z]	<achughes>	… content-references, keys, hashlinks, other stuff that influences the resolution process
[2019-04-23T16:24:09.612Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: There is a talbe in the PR with a potential initial list of parameters
[2019-04-23T16:24:27.932Z]	<achughes>	… some are generic/universal, independent of the did method: e.g. service selection, key selection
[2019-04-23T16:24:42.786Z]	<achughes>	… all methods support DID documents
[2019-04-23T16:24:53.129Z]	<achughes>	… then some method-specific parameters
[2019-04-23T16:25:10.707Z]	<achughes>	… e.g. parameters that only make sense to a single method
[2019-04-23T16:25:27.349Z]	<achughes>	… also parameters that are supported by a subset of methods e.g. versioning
[2019-04-23T16:25:43.475Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-04-23T16:25:48.137Z]	<achughes>	… to resovle a historic did document - not all DID methods support this but if they do they will have to do it consistently
[2019-04-23T16:26:22.838Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: has there been discussion about the line between DID resolvers versus direct DID access - will everyone use a resolver?
[2019-04-23T16:27:03.446Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: Depends - a DID resolver resovles - independent of the location of the software. Takes DID URL as an input and dereferences it
[2019-04-23T16:27:47.812Z]	<drummond>	There should be no dependency between the DID spec and any specific way of implementing resolution.
[2019-04-23T16:27:56.371Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-04-23T16:28:00.249Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: The PR is open - not ready for merging yet. HT to Amy and Yancy for the contributions and processing
[2019-04-23T16:28:01.021Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack chrisboscolo
[2019-04-23T16:28:05.067Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack christophera
[2019-04-23T16:28:14.072Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-04-23T16:28:29.600Z]	<achughes>	… the specific parameters - it’s very early days - should not delay the PR for those
[2019-04-23T16:28:30.731Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack drummond
[2019-04-23T16:28:35.617Z]	<achughes>	… focus on the grammar
[2019-04-23T16:29:21.069Z]	<achughes>	drummond: We want to take advantage of IIW - anyone who has comments on that PR specificallly - please get them in this week - Drummond is planning sessions next week to discuss them
[2019-04-23T16:29:57.127Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-04-23T16:30:12.572Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Are there areas that need focus now?
[2019-04-23T16:30:18.226Z]	<drummond>	voip: 09e is drummond
[2019-04-23T16:30:27.165Z]	<drummond>	present+
[2019-04-23T16:30:33.680Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+ current PR is missing the sub-method/network that we discussed last week
[2019-04-23T16:30:45.242Z]	<achughes>	drummond: THe ABNF is 10 lines long
[2019-04-23T16:31:05.234Z]	<achughes>	drummond: Markus has created a parser for people to try
[2019-04-23T16:31:07.149Z]	<markus_sabadello>	Experimental parser based on PR: http://parser.uniresolver.io/
[2019-04-23T16:31:30.988Z]	<achughes>	drummond: please feedback on the parameter names
[2019-04-23T16:31:56.613Z]	<achughes>	drummond: DID method authors should review the parameters list to ensure that what _you_ need support for is included
[2019-04-23T16:32:16.875Z]	<achughes>	drummond: There is a call this Thursday
[2019-04-23T16:32:18.006Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack jonathan_holt
[2019-04-23T16:32:39.710Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-04-23T16:32:49.897Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-04-23T16:32:50.174Z]	<achughes>	jonathan_holt: Asks about sub-method - seems to be missing in the PR
[2019-04-23T16:33:12.661Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: it is there - part of the method-specifc ID <<@@>>
[2019-04-23T16:33:58.013Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-04-23T16:33:59.533Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to suggest semantic discussion
[2019-04-23T16:34:12.458Z]	<achughes>	drummond: Calling out sub-methods was tried to attempt clarity - but reverted because it was clearer not calling them out. More examples needed to clarify sub-method names
[2019-04-23T16:34:24.319Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-04-23T16:34:24.961Z]	<markus_sabadello>	question was about sub method names e.g. did:method:submethod:sub2:12345657. this is supported by the ABNF by the "method-specific-id" rule
[2019-04-23T16:34:40.949Z]	<achughes>	drummond: after getting to your method name, after the colon it is up to the DID method to specify/parse
[2019-04-23T16:35:45.197Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: In the descriptive section of the PR it would be good to explain some of the semantics - e.g. ABNF is only about syntax
[2019-04-23T16:35:55.052Z]	<achughes>	… are there other semantic expectations about the names?
[2019-04-23T16:36:04.555Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-04-23T16:36:13.977Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack drum
[2019-04-23T16:36:17.947Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack drummond
[2019-04-23T16:36:19.394Z]	<achughes>	… others will have the same questions abou thow the method-specific-id breaks down for sub-methods etc
[2019-04-23T16:36:24.133Z]	<achughes>	drummond: yes.
[2019-04-23T16:36:32.575Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-04-23T16:36:54.997Z]	<achughes>	action: drummond to add examples that cover sub-names etc
[2019-04-23T16:37:17.836Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Getting clarity on how to close out the ABNF and matrix parameters - HT to task force
[2019-04-23T16:37:26.210Z]	<achughes>	… we appreciate the work
[2019-04-23T16:38:00.616Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2019-04-23T16:38:06.854Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Wants to ensure the other topics like did-resolver are being addressed too
[2019-04-23T16:38:07.769Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack drummond
[2019-04-23T16:38:07.946Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-04-23T16:38:27.498Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to talk about "decentralized" v provably under the control of DID controller
[2019-04-23T16:38:53.840Z]	<achughes>	drummond: The goal was to get to a complete draft before IIW for ABNF, did-resolution
[2019-04-23T16:39:07.567Z]	<achughes>	… there’s a long list of open issues - calls will continue after IIW
[2019-04-23T16:39:30.232Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-04-23T16:39:38.066Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-04-23T16:39:54.927Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: One of the next calls is to do a draft of the did-resolution spec - not much content yet
[2019-04-23T16:40:15.580Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-04-23T16:40:22.897Z]	<achughes>	… did-resolution is completely dependent on the ABNF syntax - once that is consensus, the did-resolution spec is faster
[2019-04-23T16:40:55.649Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: Where should we discuss the requirement (if any) for a method to support any concept of ‘decentralized'
[2019-04-23T16:41:08.362Z]	<achughes>	… several opinions being expressed
[2019-04-23T16:41:19.037Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-04-23T16:41:21.641Z]	<drummond>	+1 to discussion this topic at IIW
[2019-04-23T16:41:24.698Z]	<achughes>	… thinks Decentralization is too hard to define
[2019-04-23T16:41:55.958Z]	<achughes>	… but there’s something in ‘the DID Document is provably under the control of the DID controller’
[2019-04-23T16:42:01.297Z]	<drummond>	+1 to the idea of focusing on "provably under the control of the DID controller".
[2019-04-23T16:42:07.296Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1 provably under the control DID controller
[2019-04-23T16:42:19.760Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-04-23T16:42:55.372Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+
[2019-04-23T16:43:01.866Z]	<dmitriz>	q+
[2019-04-23T16:43:13.650Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-04-23T16:43:17.906Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Any high-level insights/concerns today? to setup next discussions?
[2019-04-23T16:44:52.846Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: Last week we heard from Heather and Karn that many in the community don’t understand how decisions are being made… there was a PR that proposed small changes in the abstract, but in reality was proposing a very big change in orientation re decentralization…
[2019-04-23T16:45:09.539Z]	<kimhd>	Markus, which document are you referring to?
[2019-04-23T16:45:35.509Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-04-23T16:45:38.611Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Contributing a PR is not a decision - still needs to be discussed
[2019-04-23T16:45:40.199Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack jonathan_holt
[2019-04-23T16:45:55.606Z]	<kimhd>	q+ to ask for clarification about which doc / PR
[2019-04-23T16:46:08.599Z]	<markus_sabadello>	I meant this PR, its title looks very innocent, but it's really proposing to radically change a few key properties of DIDs: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/179
[2019-04-23T16:46:12.546Z]	<jonathan_holt>	https://www.wired.com/story/blockchain-bandit-ethereum-weak-private-keys/
[2019-04-23T16:46:18.586Z]	<achughes>	jonathan_holt: In-person discussion maybe: Being in control over your random numbr generator is important - because smart cards are not very smart
[2019-04-23T16:46:40.767Z]	<achughes>	… the article is about weak keys in ethereum - many use the number “1”
[2019-04-23T16:46:41.259Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-04-23T16:47:19.546Z]	<jonathan_holt>	did:ipid:jonathanholt.me
[2019-04-23T16:47:29.297Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-04-23T16:47:30.287Z]	<achughes>	jonathan_holt: Also: publishing the DID to somewhere you trust. IPLD method uses DNS record
[2019-04-23T16:47:38.008Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack dmitriz
[2019-04-23T16:47:39.728Z]	<kimhd>	q-
[2019-04-23T16:47:58.108Z]	<achughes>	dmitriz: Wants a better idea of the status of adding did:web
[2019-04-23T16:48:08.762Z]	<achughes>	… is this holding up the acceptance of the work item
[2019-04-23T16:48:19.308Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: 00a3 is bigbluehat
[2019-04-23T16:48:43.472Z]	<drummond>	I'm willing to discuss the proposed "did:web:" method at IIW.
[2019-04-23T16:48:46.758Z]	<markus_sabadello>	Proposal for DID web method work item is here: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/65
[2019-04-23T16:48:49.706Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Philosophically, ccg wants to accept work items that are not necessarily the consenus of the group
[2019-04-23T16:48:56.953Z]	<manu>	q+ to address PR 179...
[2019-04-23T16:49:01.975Z]	<Identitywoman>	Heather shared about the survey and how new people and those who are not technical are not sure really how to show up and participate.  Then the answer is to do Pull requests on GitHub? Is Git hub friendly for non-technical people No.  its fine to say all this - and yes clearly GitHub is the lingua franka of tech.  So how are people who are new being walked through GighUb and supported making their first contributions? Just asking.
[2019-04-23T16:49:06.874Z]	<achughes>	… but we do want sufficient momentum to ensure the work items get completed
[2019-04-23T16:49:16.806Z]	<Identitywoman>	If we are serious about listening to What Heather said.. then is this really the path?
[2019-04-23T16:49:55.319Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-04-23T16:50:14.739Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Responding to randomness/sources
[2019-04-23T16:50:30.756Z]	<Identitywoman>	Nothing I said needs to be addressed verbally I'm more making a comment in the background.
[2019-04-23T16:50:36.151Z]	<achughes>	… has been working on “smart custody” project - re how do you secure the secrets
[2019-04-23T16:50:42.326Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/SmartCustodyWhitePapers/blob/master/%23SmartCustody-_Simple_Self-Custody_Cold_Storage_Scenario.md
[2019-04-23T16:50:46.430Z]	<achughes>	… deep dive into procedures, documents
[2019-04-23T16:51:05.286Z]	<achughes>	… link is to best practices to secure keys
[2019-04-23T16:51:46.632Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-04-23T16:51:49.441Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	q+ Shamir Secret Sharing in that ?
[2019-04-23T16:51:50.151Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-04-23T16:51:51.526Z]	<achughes>	… if interested, please connet with Chrstopher
[2019-04-23T16:52:29.458Z]	<achughes>	manu: Returning to concern about PR 179 - how to get more people involved in decision making process
[2019-04-23T16:52:47.466Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	q- I took a look, will read offline
[2019-04-23T16:53:02.738Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	q- Lionel_Wolberger
[2019-04-23T16:53:13.686Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-04-23T16:53:15.731Z]	<achughes>	… the typical way the editors have been working - have calls like ccg, editors try to incorporate input into a PR, if not serious pushback then merge, otherwise more discussion
[2019-04-23T16:53:32.320Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+ to answer manu
[2019-04-23T16:53:51.890Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-04-23T16:54:02.892Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-04-23T16:54:05.176Z]	<kimhd>	+1; I do not see this PR as problematic/insidious as suggested
[2019-04-23T16:54:14.013Z]	<achughes>	… PR was intended to be an editorial change
[2019-04-23T16:54:24.959Z]	<achughes>	… but it turned out to be bigger
[2019-04-23T16:54:36.450Z]	<kimhd>	I think it's totally normal part of discussion and not evidence of some conspiracy
[2019-04-23T16:55:14.835Z]	<achughes>	manu: a recent challenge is PRs are stacking up - many many calls happening so hard to keep everyone in-sync with the discussions
[2019-04-23T16:55:34.152Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-04-23T16:55:35.787Z]	<Justin_R>	q+
[2019-04-23T16:55:39.026Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack mark
[2019-04-23T16:55:39.079Z]	<achughes>	… should we have the ‘decentralization’ discussion at ccg?
[2019-04-23T16:55:42.446Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-04-23T16:56:03.668Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello: Should ensure that PRs are named accurately
[2019-04-23T16:56:10.417Z]	<kimhd>	q+ code of conduct reminder
[2019-04-23T16:56:55.918Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-04-23T16:56:58.256Z]	<achughes>	… PR 179 name doesn’t completely reflect the content of the PR, so it might be hard for community to spot that it’s important
[2019-04-23T16:57:58.438Z]	<manu>	manu: I just changed the title to say "Update abstract to build bigger tent / weaken "decentralization" requirement"
[2019-04-23T16:58:05.076Z]	<Identitywoman>	There is also questions about how DIF and this group work together more and coordinate and how all the work going on in all the forums stay in sync.
[2019-04-23T16:58:50.746Z]	<Identitywoman>	I nominate Infominer :)
[2019-04-23T16:59:18.566Z]	<Identitywoman>	He helped me a lot with navigating GitHub and would be a great human to have more involved in this.
[2019-04-23T16:59:19.366Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: need more volunteers to help with training people on github 
[2019-04-23T16:59:20.312Z]	<kimhd>	We may not have time to get to me on the q, but just an FYI that next meeting we'll do a code of conduct refresher. The W3C one is stale but being rebooting with some positive work environment suggestions, e.g. assuming good intentions/asking for clarification
[2019-04-23T16:59:21.220Z]	<Identitywoman>	gottago
[2019-04-23T16:59:40.312Z]	<heathervescent>	q+
[2019-04-23T16:59:40.358Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-04-23T16:59:45.388Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack Justin_R
[2019-04-23T17:00:02.017Z]	<kimhd>	q- for time, but see comments
[2019-04-23T17:00:04.733Z]	<kimhd>	q-
[2019-04-23T17:00:36.171Z]	<heathervescent>	q-
[2019-04-23T17:00:48.592Z]	<achughes>	Justin_R: The decentralization debate does belong in part here - the discussion is unearthing some interesting asumptions that people have regarding this work
[2019-04-23T17:00:58.146Z]	<manu>	+1 to Justin_R
[2019-04-23T17:00:58.937Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-04-23T17:01:01.565Z]	<kimhd>	Justin_R note that we desperately need volunteers to help with the non-tech bridge. Please help with this since you have interest
[2019-04-23T17:01:01.726Z]	<heathervescent>	There needs to be a structure for whomever volunteers to be actually successful and not sabotaged.
[2019-04-23T17:01:02.900Z]	<achughes>	… the discussion needs more air and light
[2019-04-23T17:01:15.406Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-04-23T17:01:33.918Z]	<kimhd>	achughes -- please volunteer with Justin!
[2019-04-23T17:01:37.628Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Meeting adjourned - please use the list for questions etc
[2019-04-23T17:01:42.171Z]	<ken>	leave
[2019-04-23T17:01:48.801Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
