[Tue 11:05:20] <manu>	scribe: Bailey
[Tue 11:05:30] <manu>	Agenda: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2014Dec/0000.html
[Tue 11:05:57] <manu>	voip: 15312 is Eric
[Tue 11:05:58] <voip-cr>	Eric is now associated with IAX2/diamondcard-15312.
[Tue 11:05:59] <Bailey>	Manu: On the agenda today we have discussion of how were going to coordinate the work items over the next couple months. One we care about the most is Web Payments IG.
[Tue 11:06:01] *	erok (ad0341da@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.3.65.218) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:06:29] <Bailey>	Manu: Agenda:Coordination plan and following up with discussion on password on digital signatures
[Tue 11:06:35] <Bailey>	Manu: Any other items?
[Tue 11:07:03] <manu>	Topic: Coordination Plan for Next Few Months
[Tue 11:07:05] <manu>	http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2014Nov/0006.html
[Tue 11:07:18] <Bailey>	Manu: Sent email to mailing list about work items we have right now.
[Tue 11:07:20] <voip-cr>	11 (SIP/85.62.72.19-0000007e) has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:25] <manu>	1. Use Cases - http://opencreds.org/specs/source/use-cases/
[Tue 11:07:25] <manu>	2. Roadmap - http://opencreds.org/specs/source/roadmap/
[Tue 11:07:25] <manu>	3. Graph Normalization - http://json-ld.org/spec/latest/rdf-graph-normalization/
[Tue 11:07:25] <manu>	4. Secure Messaging - https://web-payments.org/specs/source/secure-messaging/
[Tue 11:07:25] <manu>	5. Open Badges / Credentials JSON-LD Context/Vocabulary - http://tinyurl.com/nxr9n62
[Tue 11:07:25] <manu>	6. JSON-LD + JSON Schema validation - http://tinyurl.com/nxr9n62
[Tue 11:07:25] <manu>	7. Identity Credentials - http://opencreds.org/specs/source/identity-credentials/
[Tue 11:07:38] <Bailey>	Manu: These are the deliverables we currently have or potentially have and work on in this group.
[Tue 11:08:47] <Bailey>	Manu: Three types of work streams. One is roadmap, what we feel the roadmap for creating a credentialing system is, another work stream is digital signatures, number of approaches on the table to get consensus about, third working stream is called context stream, JSON-LD context stream, another stream is the protocol.
[Tue 11:09:04] <Bailey>	Manu:In the email I suggested that we might want to prioritze these
[Tue 11:09:07] <manu>	So, maybe the priority should be: 
[Tue 11:09:07] <manu>	1. Signatures
[Tue 11:09:07] <manu>	2. Context
[Tue 11:09:07] <manu>	3. Roadmap
[Tue 11:09:07] <manu>	4. Protocol
[Tue 11:09:28] <NateOtto>	+1 Very interesting question (How to move a badge from one place to another). I had a conversation with the xAPI folks, and it is likely one (nonexclusive) transport method for badges may be via xAPI statements.
[Tue 11:09:34] <manu>	Stream Signatures - Dave Longley, Manu Sporny, Brian Sletten, Nate Otto, Dave Lehn
[Tue 11:09:34] <manu>	Stream Context - Nate Otto, Sunny Lee, Kerri Lemoie, Chris McAvoy, Dave Lehn, Dave Longley, Manu Sporny
[Tue 11:09:34] <manu>	Stream Roadmap - Mark Leuba, Mary Bold, Eric Korb, Sunny Lee, Nate Otto
[Tue 11:09:38] <Bailey>	Manu:then there was suggestion on who could work on each one of the work streams...
[Tue 11:10:19] <Bailey>	Manu:Context stuff really has to do with building out the vocabulary, badge alliance has been working on for a while
[Tue 11:10:43] <Bailey>	Manu:Roadmap high level business-y on where we want/need to go
[Tue 11:11:03] <voip-cr>	Evgeny (SIP/sip2sip.info-0000007f) has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:11:04] *	Evgeny (4d4b9954@gateway/web/freenode/ip.77.75.153.84) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:11:04] <Bailey>	Present+ Evgeny
[Tue 11:11:04] <Bailey>	Manu:Proposal, does that make sense to people? Are there things missing from this proposal? Anyone want to be shifted on work stream?
[Tue 11:11:25] <Bailey>	Nate: Definitely happy to contribute on all work streams. Signatures won't be in a leadership role though.
[Tue 11:11:28] <eric>	I'm good with the alignments
[Tue 11:11:39] <Bailey>	Manu:Any other comments?
[Tue 11:11:44] <SunnyLee>	I'm good with these as well
[Tue 11:12:27] <Bailey>	Manu:At this point, if people that are first in list ok with taking the lead? Signature-Dave Longley Context stuff-Nate and Sunny Roapmap-Mary and Mark
[Tue 11:12:40] <NateOtto>	I'm already doing significant prototyping on the JSON-LD + JSON-schema work, the approach we've proposed for Open Badges 1.1 at least (which applies the JSON-schema to the JSON input, not the expanded version)
[Tue 11:12:51] <Bailey>	Mary:With Mark not on the call we certainly need to nominate him as chair of something immediately.
[Tue 11:13:01] <Bailey>	Dave:Taking lead on signatures
[Tue 11:14:07] <Bailey>	Manu:In general the way we've worked on this stuff, document created that the leads will edit and ask for feedback on. Crunch on those documents for a while. Leads will do edits and add content. Community give them feedback. Leads work changes into the documents. New revision of document come out and ask for another round of reviews.
[Tue 11:14:11] <Bailey>	Manu:Concerns?
[Tue 11:14:51] <Bailey>	Sunny:With regards to the context group... Do we organize ourselves independently and define the goals we want to accomplish? Do we do this independent of this group?
[Tue 11:15:03] <Bailey>	Manu:Really up to the leads to decide how to organize.
[Tue 11:15:17] <Bailey>	Manu:Use this telecomm time for each of the streams. Don't want to overwhelm people with meetings.
[Tue 11:15:29] <Bailey>	Manu:Having a different call for each stream would be overwhelming.
[Tue 11:15:56] <Bailey>	Manu:Leads go organize the work and ask for input on mailing list, people provide that and then leads edit the document in an asynchronous fashion.
[Tue 11:16:10] <Bailey>	Manu:Every week set aside time for each of these streams.
[Tue 11:16:15] <Bailey>	Manu:Rational way?
[Tue 11:16:19] <Bailey>	Sunny:Sounds great.
[Tue 11:16:37] <NateOtto>	+1 rational.
[Tue 11:16:40] <marybold>	Great plan. Bold leaving this meeting but will read transcript later. Have a good day.
[Tue 11:16:46] <Bailey>	Manu:Want to make sure we're not overwhelming people with meetings. But can set up a call if we need to about one specific stream.
[Tue 11:16:51] <Bailey>	Manu:Any questions?
[Tue 11:17:00] *	marybold has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 11:17:02] <voip-cr>	Mary (IAX2/diamondcard-8744) has left the conference.
[Tue 11:17:26] <Bailey>	Manu:Plan there will be documents for each stream, leads will modify the documents and ask for reviews, reviews come through mailing list, discussions, spot checks on how progress being made on this call.
[Tue 11:17:44] <manu>	Topic: Path Forward for Digital Signatures
[Tue 11:17:59] <Bailey>	Manu:Go ahead and talk about the password for digital signatures... Quite a bit of discussion on mailing list.
[Tue 11:18:09] <Bailey>	Manu:Seems chaotic to people new to this.
[Tue 11:18:34] <Bailey>	Manu:The first thing is that no one is arguing against the data normalization.
[Tue 11:18:57] <Bailey>	Manu:Want to get that ball rolling by getting W3C activity leads involved.
[Tue 11:19:10] <Bailey>	Manu:Graph normalization stuff isn't blocked it doesnt look like.
[Tue 11:19:21] <Bailey>	Manu:Questions about data set normalization? Comments?
[Tue 11:20:28] <Bailey>	Manu:Two streams JSON-LD context stream can proceed without having to worry about signature stuff. Will be a point they overlap, but in the beginning not much coordination needed.
[Tue 11:20:46] <Bailey>	Manu:How are we going to analyze the JOSE vs secure messaging discussion?
[Tue 11:21:52] <Bailey>	Manu:A proposal: Show what a OBI credential looks like with a Jose signature on it? Then show a true cred badge and what that looks like with secure messaging signature? Then show both of those things look like with the opposite type of signatures?
[Tue 11:22:24] <Bailey>	Dave: Possible combination of things. Two different types of credentials or two different singatures. So four different things to show. JOSE is not linked data.
[Tue 11:22:54] <Bailey>	Manu:If we use the graph normalization stuff, the data in the blob will look very different to people expecting JSON.
[Tue 11:23:04] <voip-cr>	11 (SIP/85.62.72.19-0000007e) has left the conference.
[Tue 11:23:20] <Bailey>	Manu:How is that, Github Wiki page?
[Tue 11:23:24] <NateOtto>	+1 to focusing on showing the various layers, transformations needed to go from the signed document to the data
[Tue 11:23:30] <Bailey>	Dave: Might want some images on there as well.
[Tue 11:23:49] <voip-cr>	11 (SIP/85.62.72.19-00000080) has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:23:55] <Bailey>	Manu:Show some code, what the code looks like, what has to be pulled in
[Tue 11:24:04] <Bailey>	Dave: Libraries you have to pull in and calls you have to make
[Tue 11:24:08] <NateOtto>	I've had pretty decent success with slide decks for that kind of demo that doesn't need to be actually functional. ~but not strongly leaning toward one presentation format or another.
[Tue 11:24:22] <Bailey>	Manu:Quite a bit of work to put all that together. Slow us down but we have to do it.
[Tue 11:24:49] <Bailey>	Manu:When we get the analysis done then send it to Jose group? And ask is there an easier way to do this?
[Tue 11:25:03] <Bailey>	Dave: Want credentials to be linked data even when they're not signed.
[Tue 11:25:38] <Bailey>	Manu:Ask Jose people, why certificate signatures don't use... JWS (I might have missed that...)
[Tue 11:26:03] <Bailey>	Dave:JWS refers to JSON web signatures.
[Tue 11:26:16] <Bailey>	Nate:Those questions are going to be very related.
[Tue 11:27:19] <Bailey>	Manu:As far as the badge alliance vocabulary, Nate/Sunny do either of you have ... unaware where you are on the badge alliance spec. How did you want to proceed? Typicall you'd create a vocab doc to specify what you have in github. Put that in W3C format.
[Tue 11:27:32] <Bailey>	Manu:Was that a work item you'll be working on in near future? Status?
[Tue 11:27:37] <dlongley>	eg: rough draft vocab document: https://web-payments.org/specs/source/vocabs/security.html
[Tue 11:27:52] <Bailey>	Nate: Meeting soon. Start building that probably later today.
[Tue 11:28:28] <Bailey>	Manu:One thing to keep in mind, when you do stuff in W3C community group... patent protection and copyright protection might be needed?
[Tue 11:28:30] <NateOtto>	For reference, this is the existing Github repo Manu referenced: https://github.com/mozilla/openbadges-specification/blob/master/Assertion/latest.md
[Tue 11:28:51] <Bailey>	Nate: Talk about that. Do want to make sure with badges the patent protections follow.
[Tue 11:29:13] <SunnyLee>	BA has not gone through legal wrangling.
[Tue 11:29:33] <Bailey>	Manu:As far as roadmap concerned, does anyone has questions/comments what it is or should be?
[Tue 11:29:40] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/roadmap/
[Tue 11:29:56] <Bailey>	Manu:Very lightweight. Intro to tech stack and timeline.
[Tue 11:30:20] <Bailey>	Manu:Mark and Mary aren't here so can't talk about this. Does anyone else have expectations about what the roadmap should do?
[Tue 11:31:08] <Bailey>	Nate: The badge alliance working groups have put in work on that question about how the credentials get put into higher education, etc.
[Tue 11:31:29] <Bailey>	Manu:Could be that because badge alliance is already working on that we don't need to take that on. Defer to badge alliance
[Tue 11:31:35] <Bailey>	Sunny: I agree with that.
[Tue 11:32:07] <Bailey>	Manu:If we keep this group as focused on tech as possible that's a fairly good path to success.
[Tue 11:32:23] <Bailey>	Manu:How do we get this stuff in front of W3C groups? Strategy for that/
[Tue 11:32:33] <manu>	Topic: Moving CG Documents onto REC-track at W3C
[Tue 11:32:46] <manu>	http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2014Nov/0006.html
[Tue 11:33:00] <Bailey>	Manu:In this email have a number of docuements that we've pointed to that are important.
[Tue 11:34:00] <Bailey>	Manu:Web Payments transitioning their use cases doc into Web Payments IG. Taking something from community group and moving it into official W3C group. Those web payments use cases were in worse shape than our use cases are. So there's a good chance for us...
[Tue 11:34:29] <Bailey>	Manu:Call this Thursday to talk about use cases. Question: Do we also want to start pushing the credentials use cases?
[Tue 11:34:33] <manu>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/use-cases/
[Tue 11:34:35] <NateOtto>	The Badge Alliance may not serve to promote the identity credentials component of the tech stack diagram (as opposed to the accomplishment credentials that Open Badges are), but can work to integrate them into badges, when they're ready, so they will tangentially be promoting use of identity credentials. Web Payments IG may take on promoting identity credentials with the banking/financial type stakeholders they are involved with.
[Tue 11:34:49] <Bailey>	Manu:Or do we want to add something to the use cases document before pushing?
[Tue 11:35:11] <Bailey>	Manu: Nate basically sayign badge alliance may not promote the identity credentials directly.
[Tue 11:35:27] <Bailey>	Nate: But interested in using the coolest types of credentials.
[Tue 11:35:37] <SunnyLee>	Agree with Nate
[Tue 11:35:43] <Bailey>	Manu:What's the plan for federation?
[Tue 11:35:58] <NateOtto>	"Federation" will not happen as planned late 2013
[Tue 11:36:31] <NateOtto>	We need a transport mechanism for badges themselves, but focusing on the baked PNG/SVG badge image as unit of portability right now
[Tue 11:36:46] <NateOtto>	as opposed to focusing on federated APIs at the backpack appliance level
[Tue 11:36:52] <Bailey>	Sunny: If wefocus on badge thing we can accomplish more at that level. Shifting philosophy.
[Tue 11:37:48] <Bailey>	Manu:At least in credntials work its not a backpack, it's your identity provider. One of those you can read and write there are your identity credentials.
[Tue 11:38:50] <Bailey>	Manu:How are we coordinating on that? Coordination is basically badge alliance do SVGs to move data around, if credentials stuff takes hold than that would be another option for moving stuff aorund.
[Tue 11:39:32] <voip-cr>	11 (SIP/85.62.72.19-00000080) has left the conference.
[Tue 11:40:01] <Bailey>	Manu:What are everyone's thoughts on use cases stuff? Ready to put it in front of Web Payments IG?
[Tue 11:40:04] <voip-cr>	11 (SIP/85.62.72.19-00000081) has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:40:39] <Bailey>	eric: Addressed the endorsement use case or not?
[Tue 11:40:41] <dlongley>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/use-cases/#endorsements
[Tue 11:40:42] <Bailey>	Manu:Have not.
[Tue 11:40:55] <Bailey>	eric: I think we need to add that and have talked about adding that.
[Tue 11:41:27] <Bailey>	Manu:The word we're using for endorsements is different than the badge alliance. When we're talking about endorsement we're talking about someone doing multiple signatures.
[Tue 11:41:41] <Bailey>	Manu:Need to support both but need to come up with vocabulary for explaining that.
[Tue 11:41:57] <Bailey>	eric: Hate to see us using vocabulary and not meaning the same thing.
[Tue 11:42:23] <Bailey>	eric: Then the question becomes does the badge alliance want to adopt that vocabulary. Bigger conversation but want to get it on the table.
[Tue 11:42:34] <Bailey>	Manu:Agenda item next week.
[Tue 11:43:04] <Bailey>	Manu:Out of all work items we have, use cases one is most important.
[Tue 11:43:21] <Bailey>	Manu:Get our use cases in there or first working draft won't say anything about badges or identity.
[Tue 11:43:38] <Bailey>	Manu:Use cases priority number one. In pretty good shape.
[Tue 11:43:52] <Bailey>	Manu:Next most important document is graph normalization one.
[Tue 11:45:09] <Bailey>	Manu:Then the third most important deliverable would be the JSON-LD context and vocabulary for badges. Document you'll be working on but get that finalized as quikcly as possible. In next month we should have something out there.
[Tue 11:45:16] <Bailey>	Nate and Sunny agree with path forward.
[Tue 11:45:43] <Bailey>	Manu:Secure messaging thing, have a pretty deep discussion on. Talked about strategy on getting that done. Compare and contrast pages
[Tue 11:46:10] <Bailey>	Manu:Nate JSON schema validation stuff, ongoing discussion on how to integrate JSON schema with JSON-LD
[Tue 11:46:31] <Bailey>	Manu:The way Nate is going about it in line with what we're wanting to do.
[Tue 11:46:56] <Bailey>	Manu:Identity credentials specification.
[Tue 11:47:20] <Bailey>	Manu:Sounds to me like we're not going to get into that discussion until January/February this year.
[Tue 11:47:30] <Bailey>	Manu:I think that's all the work items we have right now.
[Tue 11:47:39] <Bailey>	Manu:Are there any other work items we're missing?
[Tue 11:48:13] <Bailey>	Manu:Those are the communities marching orders and we should all start working as soon as possible.
[Tue 11:48:25] <NateOtto>	Anybody else on the call want to assign themselves to one of these priorities?
[Tue 11:48:27] <Bailey>	Manu:Anything else folks are concerned about? Or should talk about?
[Tue 11:48:54] <Bailey>	Manu:If you want to work on one of these things please put your name down
[Tue 11:49:02] <Bailey>	Manu:Nothing else, close the call for this week.
[Tue 11:49:15] <Bailey>	Manu: Call next week will pick up one of these work items.
[Tue 11:49:15] <Bailey>	Present+ Victoriano, taaz
