[2018-08-14T15:59:37.824Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+ Christopher Allen
[2018-08-14T16:01:13.046Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	voip: 44d is markus_sabadello_
[2018-08-14T16:01:30.792Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	voip: 044f is markus_sabadello_
[2018-08-14T16:01:37.917Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	present+
[2018-08-14T16:01:44.610Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2018-08-14T16:02:11.616Z]	<agropper>	present+ Adrian_Gropper
[2018-08-14T16:05:25.243Z]	<cwebber2>	present+ Chris_Webber
[2018-08-14T16:05:30.813Z]	<dlongley>	present+ Dave_Longley
[2018-08-14T16:05:30.814Z]	<kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Aug/0056.html
[2018-08-14T16:05:59.952Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2018-08-14T16:06:15.473Z]	<kimhd>	voip: connections?
[2018-08-14T16:06:22.137Z]	<stonematt>	present+ Matt_Stone
[2018-08-14T16:06:25.676Z]	<chrisb>	could we add a topic of switching to a more reliable audio solution for this call?
[2018-08-14T16:06:33.248Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2018-08-14T16:06:35.334Z]	<Yancy_>	Present+
[2018-08-14T16:06:37.475Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	voip: 00000022 is markus_sabadello_
[2018-08-14T16:06:41.412Z]	<mike-lodder>	present+ mike-lodder
[2018-08-14T16:06:41.483Z]	<JeffO-StL>	Present+
[2018-08-14T16:06:41.733Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	present+
[2018-08-14T16:06:48.118Z]	<kimhd>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LkqZ10z7FeV3EgMIQEJ9achEYMzy1d_2S90Q_lQ0y8M/edit?usp=sharing
[2018-08-14T16:07:03.614Z]	<dlongley>	present+ Kaliya_Young
[2018-08-14T16:07:07.260Z]	<chris_boscolo>	present+
[2018-08-14T16:07:16.763Z]	<kezike>	present+
[2018-08-14T16:07:46.939Z]	<AnthonyRonning>	voip: 025 is AnthonyRonning
[2018-08-14T16:08:17.279Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/w3c-ccg.github.io/blob/master/irc_ref.md
[2018-08-14T16:08:21.153Z]	<burn>	Scribe: markus_sabadello_
[2018-08-14T16:08:32.314Z]	<drabiv>	voip: 026 is drabiv
[2018-08-14T16:08:40.946Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	cat: meow
[2018-08-14T16:08:44.278Z]	<drabiv>	present+
[2018-08-14T16:09:40.035Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	burn: VCWG has sent request for review
[2018-08-14T16:10:04.686Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	introductions and re-introductions?
[2018-08-14T16:10:48.516Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	matt stone: co-chair of VCWG, had hiatus from CCG, maybe a year
[2018-08-14T16:10:50.444Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: introductions and re-introductions
[2018-08-14T16:11:11.804Z]	<Alberto>	Hi
[2018-08-14T16:11:41.961Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Topic: announcements and reminders
[2018-08-14T16:11:44.393Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2018-08-14T16:11:49.965Z]	<Alberto>	I am trying to connect to sip:ccg@96.89.14.196 without success, is that the correct address?
[2018-08-14T16:12:31.115Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	kimhd: This Friday is Scribe training, will be scribed and recorded; join if you're interested to learn how to scribe, or view recording later
[2018-08-14T16:12:48.877Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	kimhd: MyData in Helsinki end of August, RWoT end of September
[2018-08-14T16:12:59.513Z]	<heathervescent>	RWOT Tickets: http://rwot7.eventbrite.com/
[2018-08-14T16:13:12.092Z]	<kimhd>	http://iiw.idcommons.net
[2018-08-14T16:13:14.161Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	kimhd: TPAC in Lyon Oct 23-26, same time as IIW Oct 23-25 in Mountain View
[2018-08-14T16:13:19.383Z]	<heathervescent>	Better link for RWOT: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-vii-fall-2018-toronto-on-ca-tickets-48527570269
[2018-08-14T16:13:19.519Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-08-14T16:13:34.104Z]	<ChristopherA>	(note: #rwot topic papers due this month for early bird pricing)
[2018-08-14T16:13:37.835Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Progress on Current Action Items
[2018-08-14T16:13:38.835Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Topic: Progress on current action items
[2018-08-14T16:14:00.793Z]	<kimhd>	Manu: do you or someone want to talk about multihash in action items
[2018-08-14T16:14:13.719Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	burn: VCWG is producing VC data model spec. on july 20th request for review was sent, particularly groups listed in charter for liasion
[2018-08-14T16:14:18.400Z]	<burn>	Link to request email: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Jul/0045.html
[2018-08-14T16:14:34.616Z]	<kimhd>	I just noticed Alberto's question: [09:11] <Alberto> I am trying to connect to sip:ccg@96.89.14.196 without success, is that the correct address?
[2018-08-14T16:14:39.957Z]	<kimhd>	can someone assist?
[2018-08-14T16:14:52.880Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	burn: asking for one or more people from CCG to review VC data model spec, preferably people who are not yet very familiar with it
[2018-08-14T16:14:53.823Z]	<Alberto>	The page closes on its own
[2018-08-14T16:15:09.447Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item%22
[2018-08-14T16:15:28.520Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	kimhd: Anything to report for current action items?
[2018-08-14T16:15:29.532Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-08-14T16:15:43.253Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2018-08-14T16:15:49.438Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Topic: Work items
[2018-08-14T16:16:04.172Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-08-14T16:16:07.212Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-08-14T16:16:09.612Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2018-08-14T16:16:41.817Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	kimhd: DID engagement spreadsheet is done
[2018-08-14T16:16:46.363Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-08-14T16:17:25.577Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-08-14T16:17:28.234Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	ChristopherA: regarding the Work items; leads for all of these should let the CCG know status.
[2018-08-14T16:17:58.566Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	ChristopherA: when work is done on one of those, they can be published as a W3C "report" of the CCG
[2018-08-14T16:18:17.604Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-08-14T16:18:38.959Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	kimhd: what's the current status of the DID work item?
[2018-08-14T16:18:45.058Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-08-14T16:18:54.253Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-08-14T16:19:46.117Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	ChristopherA: one of the things that happened was that a team from Sovrin did a PR on the DID spec
[2018-08-14T16:19:46.635Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	q+
[2018-08-14T16:20:15.847Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	ChristopherA: one problem was that that was a very large PR addressing many issues, some very small, some very significant; makes it hard to review
[2018-08-14T16:20:28.040Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	ChristopherA: encourage people who make PRs to break them up into small pieces
[2018-08-14T16:20:37.634Z]	<drabiv>	voip: 02e is drabiv
[2018-08-14T16:20:42.758Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA are you meaning the Verifiable Credentials PR?
[2018-08-14T16:20:53.796Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: 030 is bigbluehat
[2018-08-14T16:20:58.964Z]	<bigbluehat>	present+ Benjamin_Young
[2018-08-14T16:21:02.361Z]	<kimhd>	action: review Sovrin's PR
[2018-08-14T16:21:02.994Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	kimhd: should take time for Sovrin team to explain reasons for the PR
[2018-08-14T16:21:03.926Z]	<mike-lodder>	q+
[2018-08-14T16:21:31.882Z]	<kimhd>	markus_sabadello_: it's on the VC spec not DID spec
[2018-08-14T16:21:36.586Z]	<mike-lodder>	q-
[2018-08-14T16:21:37.435Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	i believe ChristopherA was referring to this PR: https://github.com/w3c/vc-data-model/pull/208
[2018-08-14T16:21:48.374Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-08-14T16:21:57.537Z]	<kimhd>	ack markus_sabadello_
[2018-08-14T16:22:14.594Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Topic: Jolocom
[2018-08-14T16:22:29.486Z]	<kimhd>	https://gist.github.com/Exulansis/903ab4a77b4173c2268f7a0ef90521ac
[2018-08-14T16:22:45.377Z]	<mike-lodder>	But there are multiple PRs for the DID spec that have sat there for a few weeks including one of mine
[2018-08-14T16:23:18.397Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	(trying to fix Eugeniu Rusu's connection problems)
[2018-08-14T16:23:36.334Z]	<Eugeniu__Jolocom_>	Will try now. Sorry for the spam in the chat.
[2018-08-14T16:24:38.401Z]	<kimhd>	Alberto are you on the line?
[2018-08-14T16:25:54.597Z]	<mike-lodder>	q+
[2018-08-14T16:26:03.938Z]	<kimhd>	ack mike-lodder
[2018-08-14T16:26:32.356Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	mike-lodder: There are multiple PRs on the DID spec, put in requests for reviews, waiting for those reviews
[2018-08-14T16:26:35.308Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pulls
[2018-08-14T16:26:58.419Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	mike-lodder: What is the best way to push those forward?
[2018-08-14T16:27:30.796Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	kimhd: If you're tagged as reviewer, please review; if you don't have time, ask someone else to review in your stead. We can also remind people on the list.
[2018-08-14T16:27:47.557Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	mike-lodder: Should i send emails to the list, or comment on Github
[2018-08-14T16:28:11.677Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	kimhd: If you get no reaction on Github, feel free to get broader participation by sending to the list
[2018-08-14T16:28:17.326Z]	<ChristopherA>	If it lags too long, do a CG action item, as it will be brought up each week
[2018-08-14T16:29:01.576Z]	<kimhd>	https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/102/materials/slides-102-dinrg-coconut-shehar-bano-00
[2018-08-14T16:29:27.840Z]	<lparker>	Yep
[2018-08-14T16:29:30.597Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	kimhd: Alberto will talk about Coconut, a threshold issuance selective disclosure scheme
[2018-08-14T16:29:58.399Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Are people familiar with Coconut? should we start with general introduction?
[2018-08-14T16:30:25.800Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	kimhd: People are familiar with the concept of selective disclosure, but let's do intro do Coconut
[2018-08-14T16:31:04.797Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Anonymous credentials: Blindness means user goes to authorities, provide blinded attributes on which they would like to have credential on
[2018-08-14T16:31:24.799Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Authority would operate on the blinded attribute, would learn only what the user would like to reveal
[2018-08-14T16:31:33.399Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: 2nd aspect of Anoncreds: Linkability
[2018-08-14T16:31:55.995Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: When you show credentials, or statement based on it, you can do it in a way that makes it not possible to link multiple showings
[2018-08-14T16:32:10.846Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Novelty of Coconut: Not just one single issuer, but threshold number of authorities
[2018-08-14T16:32:26.758Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Get credential from multiple authorities, then locally consolidate to single credential
[2018-08-14T16:32:38.414Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-08-14T16:32:49.479Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Authorities don't need to communicate with each other when issuing
[2018-08-14T16:33:52.961Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Big difference with other scheme is this threshold number of authorities without communicating
[2018-08-14T16:34:11.596Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Efficiency properties: Credentials are short, and they don't increase with number of attributes, or with number of authorities
[2018-08-14T16:34:30.517Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Size = only 2 elliptic curve points
[2018-08-14T16:34:49.036Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Coconut is built on top of [?]
[2018-08-14T16:35:57.166Z]	<ottonomy>	present+
[2018-08-14T16:36:08.608Z]	<Alberto>	Pointcheval and Sanders and BLS Signatures
[2018-08-14T16:37:14.276Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: If you have a single issuance authority, it could be malicious. Support for threshold authorites addresses this problem.
[2018-08-14T16:37:18.516Z]	<mike-lodder>	@alberto can this be used with any ledger/blockchain?
[2018-08-14T16:37:27.280Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-08-14T16:37:56.240Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Imagine a permissioned system, every node on the system can be one of the Coconut authorities.
[2018-08-14T16:38:18.960Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Applications enabled by Coconut. Example 1: E-Petitions
[2018-08-14T16:39:04.917Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: E.g. many regions in a country can be an authority. Citizen gets credentials from that authority, locally aggregates it, and uses it with a smart contract to sign petition.
[2018-08-14T16:40:08.642Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Smart contract verifies the credential and allows the petition to be signed.
[2018-08-14T16:40:32.638Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Example application 2: Privacy [?]
[2018-08-14T16:41:13.236Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Pay coins, get credential in exchange for payment.
[2018-08-14T16:41:37.437Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Implemented and tested by EU project Decode.
[2018-08-14T16:41:44.153Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	http://decodeproject.eu/
[2018-08-14T16:42:11.646Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Verification time is very competitive with other credential types.
[2018-08-14T16:42:13.894Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-08-14T16:42:27.706Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2018-08-14T16:43:02.142Z]	<cwebber2>	q+ to ask about accountability and revocation
[2018-08-14T16:43:03.915Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	ChristopherA: Very important to talk about this tech. We make assumptions that while we like decentrized technology, we often issue centrally.
[2018-08-14T16:43:15.320Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	ChristopherA: With this, issuance can be done in a group. Could have impact on what we're working on.
[2018-08-14T16:43:18.695Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/data-minimization
[2018-08-14T16:43:31.559Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	ChristopherA: Would love to see this team comment on the Data Minimization work item.
[2018-08-14T16:43:55.441Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	ChristopherA: Got some comments from CL signature community, would like to get more feedback.
[2018-08-14T16:44:02.843Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://w3c-dvcg.github.io/
[2018-08-14T16:44:24.485Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	ChristopherA: This can have consequences for VC data model, JSON-LD canonicalization, signature schemes.
[2018-08-14T16:45:07.839Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	ChristopherA: This is pairing crypto? Are you using any other special cryptography requirements?
[2018-08-14T16:45:13.858Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: We need pairings.
[2018-08-14T16:45:32.276Z]	<mike-lodder>	q+
[2018-08-14T16:45:34.076Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: This is a "pairing-friendly" curve, nothins special.
[2018-08-14T16:45:47.944Z]	<cwebber2>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-08-14T16:45:50.517Z]	<cwebber2>	ack kimhd
[2018-08-14T16:45:53.962Z]	<cwebber2>	q?
[2018-08-14T16:46:24.918Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	kimhd: In the pilot program, I was curious are the selective presentations being used in practice? What sort of tooling exists for this?
[2018-08-14T16:46:46.387Z]	<ChristopherA>	(This presentation is also interesting in combination with last week's "Proof of Personhood")
[2018-08-14T16:46:50.037Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	kimhd: How will receipients end up using this? Mobile wallet? What does the interaction look like? What challenges do you have in the pilot?
[2018-08-14T16:46:56.653Z]	<kimhd>	ack kimhd
[2018-08-14T16:47:17.726Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Decode project works with city council of Barcelona, they are implementing an E-Petition platform. There will be a JavaScript open-source implementation.
[2018-08-14T16:47:36.824Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-08-14T16:47:38.397Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: There will be a JS client, app, possibly a browser. Backend (authority signing) will also be in JS.
[2018-08-14T16:47:40.818Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-08-14T16:47:44.413Z]	<kimhd>	ack cwebber2
[2018-08-14T16:47:45.437Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Will proably be published in Decode repo.
[2018-08-14T16:48:16.676Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	cwebber2: Seems like you thought a lot about workflows. Gov may issue prescription drugs?
[2018-08-14T16:48:48.860Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: If you want to give doctor ability to sign prescription, then the doctor is the issuer.
[2018-08-14T16:49:37.998Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	cwebber2: What are your thoughts related to government use of this? E.g. gov issues right to issue prescriptions. Do you have a mechanism for revocation?
[2018-08-14T16:50:03.718Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Every doctor would act as a single authority, there is no need for group authority.
[2018-08-14T16:50:14.399Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: You can include expiration date in credentials.
[2018-08-14T16:50:38.237Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	(Jolocom still having trouble connecting)
[2018-08-14T16:50:59.867Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	prescription shopping
[2018-08-14T16:51:02.477Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	kimhd: Patient may try to get prescriptions from multiple doctors.
[2018-08-14T16:51:18.653Z]	<chris_boscolo>	q?
[2018-08-14T16:51:25.754Z]	<chris_boscolo>	q+
[2018-08-14T16:51:33.479Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Not sure if this is a use case for group authority.
[2018-08-14T16:51:54.455Z]	<cwebber2>	that's the idea, but it also seems that there's also the credential for the doctor itself to issue a prescription
[2018-08-14T16:51:58.762Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: This is about unlinkability in the issuance process.
[2018-08-14T16:52:06.383Z]	<cwebber2>	and what if the doctor is abusing that power
[2018-08-14T16:52:18.985Z]	<cwebber2>	it's not important, was just curious
[2018-08-14T16:53:02.798Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	cwebber2: Have thought about a workflows where one issuer is malicious
[2018-08-14T16:53:22.482Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	cwebber2: Have you thought about a workflow where one issuer is malicious
[2018-08-14T16:53:23.955Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2018-08-14T16:53:30.278Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Will think about it and get back to you
[2018-08-14T16:53:35.633Z]	<kimhd>	ack mike-lodder
[2018-08-14T16:53:43.820Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-08-14T16:53:53.319Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	mike-lodder: At Sovrin we've been experimenting with something like this.
[2018-08-14T16:54:08.999Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	mike-lodder: You said this will work with any pairing-friendly curve?
[2018-08-14T16:54:16.718Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Pairing type 3
[2018-08-14T16:54:34.199Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	mike-lodder: License is BSD3, could this be changed to Apache2 so we could use it?
[2018-08-14T16:55:00.637Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Absolutely, can change it right away
[2018-08-14T16:55:18.465Z]	<drabiv>	q+ Q1: "Coconut" = ZKP + distributed issuence of credentials? Q2: Distributed issuence of credentials - to make sure that multiple nodes on blockchain agree on something (not really applicable to common world credentials issuance)?
[2018-08-14T16:55:27.839Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	mike-lodder: When you do the blind signature, do you do 2-party computation?
[2018-08-14T16:56:00.526Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-08-14T16:56:01.215Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: No, this would imply communication between authorities. We only do communication between authorities during issuance of keys, but not later during issuance process.
[2018-08-14T16:56:38.037Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	ChristopherA: We invite you (Alberto) to join this group as a member.
[2018-08-14T16:57:19.438Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	ChristopherA: Let's explore how proof-of-personhood could be combined with this.
[2018-08-14T16:57:21.316Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to mention use cases next week
[2018-08-14T16:57:25.842Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-08-14T16:57:32.683Z]	<agropper>	What is Alberto's email?
[2018-08-14T16:57:47.287Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q-
[2018-08-14T16:57:49.523Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	ChristopherA: E.g. proof-of-personhood could be very relevant for e-petitions in the Barcelona project.
[2018-08-14T16:58:02.358Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	ChristopherA: Would be good to discuss at RWoT
[2018-08-14T16:58:07.457Z]	<kimhd>	ack chris_boscolo
[2018-08-14T16:58:15.401Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	chris_boscolo: For blockchain integration, what does this require?
[2018-08-14T16:58:21.856Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Note to all: next week, we'll be reviewing the submitted use cases we haven't yet taken time for. If you have a use case you'd like considered, please share with the group by email.
[2018-08-14T16:58:34.797Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Each blockchain node would be a Coconut authority.
[2018-08-14T16:58:44.560Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: This can also work with a sharded system.
[2018-08-14T16:59:16.267Z]	<ChristopherA>	(it sounds like they are doing sybil resistance by using a permissioned blockchain  — is that true? There may be other ways.)
[2018-08-14T16:59:20.516Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: With permissionless system, this is harder. Each time the number of nodes changes, you would have to re-generate keys.
[2018-08-14T16:59:27.467Z]	<chris_boscolo>	thanks!
[2018-08-14T16:59:28.400Z]	<kimhd>	ack agropper
[2018-08-14T17:00:06.079Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	agropper: Can you apply the e-petition architecture to a reputation system?
[2018-08-14T17:00:31.961Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: This sounds like a valid use case, we may be able to apply these credentials to reputation. Not sure if this is covered in literature.
[2018-08-14T17:00:35.596Z]	<ChristopherA>	(How to do an anonymous reputation system that is sybil resistant is a big use case)
[2018-08-14T17:01:03.824Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-08-14T17:01:07.334Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack drabiv
[2018-08-14T17:01:17.673Z]	<kimhd>	drabiv
[2018-08-14T17:01:43.001Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	drabiv: Is this applicable only to blockchain? Why would authorities in the real world need to agree on what they issue?
[2018-08-14T17:02:04.757Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Yes this uses zero-knowledge proofs.
[2018-08-14T17:02:38.477Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	Alberto: Partial credential has the same structure as full credential. This also works in cases where there is only one authority. This is not limited to blockchain.
[2018-08-14T17:02:43.342Z]	<ChristopherA>	Thank you!
[2018-08-14T17:02:52.976Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Cheers!
[2018-08-14T17:02:53.099Z] present+ agropper, cwebber, dcc, chrisb, jungly, drummond, agropper, heather, simonas, dmitriz, jarlath, Yancy, Orgel, cycryptr