[Tue 11:04:13] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2016Jun/0011.html
[Tue 11:04:54] <burn>	scribe: burn
[Tue 11:04:54] <burn>	manu:  have to get our deliverables into review shape within 2 weeks for the payments IG
[Tue 11:05:13] <voip-vctf>	14105315457 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000340] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:28] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000342] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:34] <voip-vctf>	19082515136 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000341] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:41] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000343] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:02] <ShaneM>	voip: 334 is ShaneM
[Tue 11:06:02] <voip-vctf>	Associated ShaneM with SIP/callcentric.com-00000334.
[Tue 11:06:13] <burn>	... everyone please be brief with your comments so we can get through our full agenda
[Tue 11:06:28] <manu>	voip: 340 is Les
[Tue 11:06:28] <voip-vctf>	Associated Les with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000340.
[Tue 11:06:31] <voip-vctf>	BobBonomo [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000331] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:06:34] *	jasonweaver (~jasonweaver@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:06:36] <manu>	voip: 341 is EricKorb
[Tue 11:06:36] <voip-vctf>	Associated EricKorb with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000341.
[Tue 11:07:01] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000345] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:05] <manu>	burn: One quick thing, we need to decide what "TBD" means in "TBD Credential"
[Tue 11:07:22] <manu>	Topic: VCTF Deliverables
[Tue 11:07:28] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/
[Tue 11:08:36] <voip-vctf>	15409614469 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000346] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:08:52] <burn>	manu: this is main landing page for the proposal.  It's the first page anyone reviewing the proposal will see.  It's in the order we want them to review.  They only need to review at minimum two documents.  Adam Lake is working on the primer.  Should be a quick read.  Draft charter document must be read by AC reps.  Then there is a bunch of supporting documentation.
[Tue 11:08:58] *	bsletten (~bsletten@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:09:18] <voip-vctf>	Rob Trainer [SIP/71.121.234.111-00000347] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:27] <burn>	... any questions about landing page? (none)
[Tue 11:09:37] <manu>	Topic: Verifiable Claims Use Cases Review
[Tue 11:09:44] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/use-cases/
[Tue 11:10:20] <burn>	... joe did extensive review of use cases.  will summarize here.
[Tue 11:10:42] *	stone has quit (Client closed connection)
[Tue 11:10:55] *	stone (~stone@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:11:32] <manu>	This is the document that Joe is talking about - the review he did: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Jun/att-0018/Requirements_Modeling_for_the_Verifiable_Claims_Task_Force.pdf
[Tue 11:12:03] <burn>	joe: writeup describes what we did.  First half of doc gives first impressions, mainly wanting to see the human value.  (Better) titles would help with this.  We gave suggestions.  Some of them are simple and functional such as "send money", but "lazy doctor" is a better example of what we were after.
[Tue 11:13:14] <burn>	... we then put together some different requirements and models.  First, a user needs map -- a visual representation of needs.  If there isn't a number in the diagram it's because it wasn't already in the use cases document.
[Tue 11:13:18] <manu>	We're looking at the top of page 6 now
[Tue 11:13:29] <NateOtto>	+1 Digital Passport, Digital Birth Certificate, Air Travel scenarios
[Tue 11:14:49] <manu>	We're looking at the top of page 7 now...
[Tue 11:15:02] <burn>	... terminology was an issue we raised as well.  also, sometimes use cases are from problem domain and some are from solution domain.  separating these two types might be helpful.  Not clear how right to be forgotten is supported in getClaim. (missed something else about claims)
[Tue 11:15:15] <stone>	+1 on document in general!
[Tue 11:15:33] <NateOtto>	Amend Claim seems to go along with Revoke Claim without introducing major additional techncal scope.
[Tue 11:15:53] <burn>	... showed full life cycle and sample use case that was independent of technology.
[Tue 11:16:21] <NateOtto>	Forget claim is an interesting one (page 8), though why is there an additional actor "Subject" for that action. What's the difference between that and Recipient? Shouldn't it be Recipient?
[Tue 11:16:26] <burn>	manu:  great stuff.  Would love to see virtually all of these changes incorporated into the document if time permits.
[Tue 11:17:23] <NateOtto>	+"Busy Doctor"  instead of "Lazy Doctor"--She can't be lazy, just doesn't have enough time because we haven't yet reduced all the medical records and insurance claim paperwork.
[Tue 11:17:25] <burn>	... short scenario titles would be great.  The graphic would be great at the beginning to map the verticals.  The role stuff and mappings to user tasks are excellent as well.
[Tue 11:18:32] <burn>	shane: i don't need sleep :)  yes, this is great.  It's wonderful to have this outside-the-box review.  Will work with Joe offline to incorporate.  We have two requirements documents in our hands; do we still need both?
[Tue 11:18:50] <burn>	manu:  yes, but for now getting the images into the brief one would be very helpful.
[Tue 11:19:08] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000333] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:19:17] *	CarlaCasilli has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:19:25] <burn>	... eventually we will want to merge back into the larger document.  Let's focus on getting the images in first into the short doc.
[Tue 11:19:41] <dlongley>	+1 for "Busy Doctor" (or a similar alternative adjective to "Lazy")
[Tue 11:19:48] <burn>	shane:  and we should also move a bunch of the cruft at the front into an appendix.  thanks Joe!
[Tue 11:20:08] <manu>	Topic: Verifiable Claims Charter
[Tue 11:20:14] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/charter/
[Tue 11:20:16] <stone>	+1 on not "lazy" doctor (being the spouse of a Dr, I know it's hard to be lazy and get to be a Dr. :) ) -- there are definitly bad Drs. that a patient would want to know about.
[Tue 11:20:17] *	dlongley NateOtto -- "recipient" in that review document is actually what we've been calling "consumer" ... so plenty of confusion to go around :)
[Tue 11:20:46] *	CarlaCasilli (~CarlaCasilli@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:20:51] <NateOtto>	@dlongley yikes, that's a new mismatch with open badges, which is very clear that a "recipient" is the entity a claim is about.
[Tue 11:21:00] *	dlongley "Overworked Doctor"
[Tue 11:21:55] <burn>	manu: I integrated all of the survey feedback.  There wasn't much that changed, but what changed was important. Liaison relationships, clarified that we are not proposing browser APIs but that could be added after the data model work is done if group wants.  I think the charter is ready for others to review.  Probably ready for IG to review.  Everyone please review now.
[Tue 11:22:08] <manu>	Topic: Verifiable Claims Charter FAQ
[Tue 11:22:09] <stone>	+1 overworked (if it's about insurers and EMR)  and +1 negligent (if it's about complication rate) :)
[Tue 11:22:15] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/charter/faq.html
[Tue 11:23:21] <ShaneM>	Note that the wiki should be updated too...  https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/Credentials
[Tue 11:23:31] <burn>	... we have expanded it and attempted to answer every question raised in the survey.  We may reorganize a bit and add a few more questions, but the faq is largely complete.  Any questions?
[Tue 11:23:46] <burn>	... and yes, the wiki needs updating.
[Tue 11:23:59] <burn>	... the wiki should probably just point to the landing page.
[Tue 11:24:18] <manu>	Topic: Architecture Summary
[Tue 11:24:25] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/architecture/
[Tue 11:24:42] <burn>	... Adam Lake has been working on this.
[Tue 11:24:59] <voip-vctf>	Carla Casilli [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000348] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:25:51] <burn>	adam:  mainly boiling down the 15 page original to 2 pages.  Took out public ledger, changed to decentralized id registry.  Only question I have is whether participant benefits should be included.
[Tue 11:26:03] <NateOtto>	@dlongley the term "inspector" and "holder" appears on this diagram, where we saw "recipient" and "subject" on the last one. Are these analogues?
[Tue 11:26:16] <ShaneM>	(NOTE: Updated wiki page to point to the github repo)
[Tue 11:26:50] <burn>	manu: Dave Crocker has also been looking at this with others.  My hope is that the current doc is stable enough for now.  Dave, this is what you should work with for now.  How might you want to change or modify it?
[Tue 11:27:23] <dlongley>	NateOtto: "inspector":"consumer", "holder":"recipient", "subject" (the party the claim is about, usually the "holder"/"recipient", but may not be)
[Tue 11:27:51] <burn>	crocker: good question.  I'm not sure.  The differences from the prior doc seem significant.  I want to be careful how to proceed since I'm new and there is a tight deadline.  What is the best way for me to help?
[Tue 11:28:10] <burn>	manu: you, Adam, and I can have a call (and anyone else who wants to join)
[Tue 11:28:24] <burn>	... we could also have multiple architectures.
[Tue 11:28:31] *	ShaneM has no watches
[Tue 11:28:43] <burn>	crocker:  bad idea.  let's discuss only one architecture.
[Tue 11:29:02] <burn>	manu:  will let the group know when our call is and record it for the group.
[Tue 11:29:11] <NateOtto>	I'm fine with "inspector":"consumer" and "holder":"recipient":"subject" as mostly equivalent sets, I just don't want "recipient" moving between the different definition sets.
[Tue 11:29:54] <burn>	nate:  been chatting with DaveC about roles in the document.  The work 'recipient' seems to be changing defintions.
[Tue 11:30:10] <burn>	manu:  yes, that's the next agenda topic.  We need some final decisions on terminology.
[Tue 11:30:43] <manu>	scribe: manu
[Tue 11:30:49] <manu>	Topic: Verifiable Claims Data Model Specification
[Tue 11:30:53] <burn>	http://opencreds.org/specs/source/claims-data-model/
[Tue 11:30:57] *	dlongley haha
[Tue 11:30:59] *	manu nooo
[Tue 11:31:20] <dcrocker>	Finding an hour for arch -- hmmm, and terminlogy? -- discussion: my schedule is quite open this week, through Friday, except mid-afternoon today (pacific time) and around noontime on Friday.
[Tue 11:31:22] <manu>	burn: Two main modifications on past week - adding an introduction and adding a UML diagram. The introduction, I pulled from the previous document.
[Tue 11:31:51] <manu>	burn: I'd like people to look at the introduction - ideally, remove a lot of that and point somewhere else, that would be ideal. Maps rest of document.
[Tue 11:32:40] <manu>	burn: Steven Rowat had some appropriate questions/concerns about terminology - he's getting more information from other documents now, clearly there is a lot of terminology I'm going to have to make consistent in the document. One of his suggestions was to add a diagram of some sort. I don't know if this is the optimal diagram... it's UML-like, attempt to provide another representation other than text prose.
[Tue 11:33:21] <manu>	burn: The challenge here is different orgs and different people that want to use different syntactic representations. we've talked about JSON, JSON-LD and WebIDL - we need to be able to talk about our data model using not those three - speaking more generically about data model.
[Tue 11:33:45] <manu>	burn: Yes, some people use serialization - many people would argue w/ me if I said WebIDL is a serialization - syntax, grammar weasel words to work around that.
[Tue 11:34:21] <manu>	burn: Looking for feedback - we need to discuss TBD Credential next - it's a term that I can use to remove claims dataset / identity data set.
[Tue 11:34:37] <JoeAndrieu>	In the data model would it be possible to use a term other than identity as defined? That term is excessively overloaded in the industry?
[Tue 11:35:16] <dlongley>	JoeAndrieu: "Profile"? ... it's hard to find the right term there.
[Tue 11:35:29] <manu>	burn: For the JSON-LD, I need to come up with a closer to real example - still need to do that, have some examples. Brian Sletten asked me why there is a mention of XML once and then never again - we might list XML as a syntax that you can use. The reason there is only a mention of it is because no one has sent me examples. If someone could send me other examples in XML, I can link the general instructions in XML. If no one has time to send that, I'll probably change mention of XML to be a parenthetical.
[Tue 11:35:44] <manu>	burn: In no way do we want just JSON and WebIDL the only way to represent the data model.
[Tue 11:35:58] <JoeAndrieu>	Yes. It's the focus of the other paper I'm working on from the ID2020 workshop... not easy to shift the conversation
[Tue 11:36:12] <dlongley>	"identity" fits here... always a problem with it in the industry, not sure what to do about it (we've had many conversations around trying to figure that out)
[Tue 11:36:28] <manu>	ShaneM: Dan, you mentioned there is terminology conflicts between your document - you're worried about conflict on terms - or in terminology discussion?
[Tue 11:36:55] <manu>	burn: Now is probably the right time, practical issue - we need to define some terms in general, what is identity, what is entity, what is a claim, what is TBD Credential.
[Tue 11:37:44] <manu>	burn: Then practically, in the document, we use those to use things in the data model. I have terminology and then I have actual objects to mean a structure in a data model, or in WebIDL, a specific interface name. ReSpec does some nice things for linking, but in my case, duplicates for all definitions. Consequence of the document itself.
[Tue 11:37:52] <manu>	burn: Not quite sure how to deal w/ that yet.
[Tue 11:38:17] <gkellogg>	Note that we do have a central repository of term definnitions: http://opencreds.org/specs/source/glossary/
[Tue 11:38:24] <manu>	Topic: Terminology Conflicts
[Tue 11:38:24] <burn>	scribe: burn
[Tue 11:38:24] <JoeAndrieu>	fwiw, here is the starting topic paper on "identity" from the ID2020 design workshop https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/ID2020DesignWorkshop/blob/master/topics-and-advance-readings/Identity%20is%20a%20Phenomenon%20Not%20a%20Property.Andrieu.2016.pdf
[Tue 11:38:48] <burn>	manu:  terminology discussions take forever.  Let's see what we can do.
[Tue 11:39:54] <burn>	... we need to align our use of terminology across documents.  There are specific terms that are the primary problems.   User-centric and self-sovereign is one conflict.  Another is 'consumer' vs 'inspector'.  Another is the 'TBD credential'.
[Tue 11:40:37] <burn>	... prefer that we not open the general floodgates.  Want instead to have a single proposal that gets us an improvement over what we have now.
[Tue 11:40:49] <burn>	... We only have two weeks to finalize this.
[Tue 11:40:51] <NateOtto>	manu: another term is "recipient" -- has to be decided.
[Tue 11:41:06] <burn>	... we will first discuss user-centric vs self-sovereign
[Tue 11:41:29] <burn>	... will ask people to +1/-1 each proposal
[Tue 11:41:52] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000349] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:42:05] <burn>	... we have been using the term user-centric for a long time in this group.  in the identity realm it means something different than what we mean and it has caused confusion.
[Tue 11:42:33] <burn>	... a new term that has been proposed is self-sovereign.  meaning that users have full control over identifiers and where their verifiable claims are stored.
[Tue 11:42:51] <burn>	... this was used in ID2020, even to the point where UN ambassadors were using it!
[Tue 11:43:05] <burn>	... proposal is to align all documents to use this term.
[Tue 11:41:13] <Lake>	Seems like we have less time to decide on terms because we need to give authors time to update all documents
[Tue 11:43:24] <burn>	andrieu: can non-members vote here?
[Tue 11:43:33] <burn>	manu:  yes, everyone may participate.
[Tue 11:43:35] <manu>	PROPOSAL: Adopt self-sovereign terminology over user-centric terminology.
[Tue 11:43:32] <ShaneM>	+1
[Tue 11:43:33] <stone>	+1 self-sovereign
[Tue 11:43:35] <gkellogg>	+1
[Tue 11:43:37] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:43:39] <dcrocker>	+1 ssi
[Tue 11:43:39] <NateOtto>	+1
[Tue 11:43:41] <burn>	+1
[Tue 11:43:42] <dezell>	+1
[Tue 11:43:42] <KerriLemoie>	+1 self-sovereign
[Tue 11:43:44] <Adam_>	+1
[Tue 11:43:44] <erkorb_rm>	-1
[Tue 11:43:44] <Richard>	+1
[Tue 11:43:48] <les>	+1
[Tue 11:43:49] <JoeAndrieu>	+1 self soveriegn
[Tue 11:43:58] <jasonweaver>	+1
[Tue 11:44:04] <bsletten>	+1
[Tue 11:44:10] <burn>	manu: eric, can you explain your -1?
[Tue 11:44:26] <burn>	eric:  just find user-centric easier to explain,  personal preference mainly
[Tue 11:44:48] <burn>	manu:  eric, can you live with adoption self-sovereign?
[Tue 11:45:00] <erkorb_rm>	yes
[Tue 11:45:08] <burn>	carla:  I like the term self-sovereign but am concerned with the burden of supporting a new term
[Tue 11:45:12] <voip-vctf>	19082515136 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000034b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:45:26] <erkorb_rm>	34b is korb, back in
[Tue 11:45:36] <CarlaCasilli>	okay +1 on self sovereign w/ the proposed pushback
[Tue 11:45:49] <burn>	manu:  if we use user-centric, we will confuse the identity community.  if we use self-sovereign it has the problem of being new.
[Tue 11:45:51] <manu>	RESOLVED: Adopt self-sovereign terminology over user-centric terminology.
[Tue 11:46:00] <dcrocker>	IMO, "user centric" is friendly but vague.  It could mean almost anything.  Whereas "self-sovereign" has a narrow semantic.  The specifics need less explanation.
[Tue 11:46:09] <ShaneM>	agenda+ webpayments-ig github repo confusion
[Tue 11:46:11] <burn>	manu:  consumer vs inspector
[Tue 11:46:33] <burn>	... this is a gatekeeper that gives you access to a resource.
[Tue 11:46:34] <JoeAndrieu>	Is "recipient" on the table for Consumer/Inspector?
[Tue 11:46:44] <stone>	-1 recipient
[Tue 11:46:59] <CarlaCasilli>	+1 for inspector
[Tue 11:47:13] <dcrocker>	From the New York discussion, it was noted that the recipient/consumer of the information might delegate the actual inspection process to a third-party.  That suggests using the broader term as the basic one.
[Tue 11:47:24] <stone>	recipient may be confused with the earner who is receiving the credential
[Tue 11:47:28] <dlongley>	Joe Andrieu, "recipient" was previously used in this group (and in open badges) to refer to the "holder/subject" party
[Tue 11:47:30] <gkellogg>	q+ Prefer “Consumer”
[Tue 11:47:30] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: gkellogg
[Tue 11:47:33] <burn>	... Credentials CG and Payments IG have used the term consumer for this.  Concerns have been raised that this means consumer of a website or product.  We tried out inspector in New York.  Didn't seem to cause problems.
[Tue 11:47:48] <burn>	... DaveC pointed out that inspector and receiver might be two different parties.
[Tue 11:47:55] <JoeAndrieu>	I see. Yes, that would be confusing.
[Tue 11:47:59] <burn>	... questions or concerns over these two choices?
[Tue 11:48:01] <NateOtto>	Consumer is clearer to me.
[Tue 11:48:19] <Richard>	+1 for credential inspector.  describes the actor and sounds official.  avoids confusion with the many ideas of what a consumer is
[Tue 11:48:20] <stone>	+1 inspector  - more narrow
[Tue 11:48:34] <Richard>	i meant claim, not credential
[Tue 11:48:58] <dcrocker>	...and thinking some more... consumer is such a generic term, whereas inspector is narrow and more intuitive.  we could defer the issue of possibly delegating the evaluation process to a third party.
[Tue 11:49:06] <burn>	Gregg:  consumer is a general term of art that is fairly well understood.  Inventing a new term 'inspector' can cause problems as well.  I believe 'consumer' is clear and concise.
[Tue 11:49:26] <dlongley>	i'm completely split down the middle on this.
[Tue 11:49:36] <stone>	q+
[Tue 11:49:36] <voip-vctf>	stone has been added to the queue: gkellogg, stone
[Tue 11:49:37] <Lake>	Consumer seems too nebulous.
[Tue 11:49:46] <burn>	crocker: the more I think about it, the more I want delegation of inspection as an option, but I think inspector is very intuitive and not as vague as consumer
[Tue 11:50:00] <CarlaCasilli>	+ 1 on inspector, the open badges community uses consumer as organizations / individuals who make use of badges and do not provide gateways to viewing. Recipient is also the holder of an open badge.
[Tue 11:50:12] <gkellogg>	q+
[Tue 11:50:12] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: gkellogg, stone, gkellogg
[Tue 11:50:13] <NateOtto>	q+ prefer credential
[Tue 11:50:13] <voip-vctf>	NateOtto has been added to the queue: gkellogg, stone, gkellogg, NateOtto
[Tue 11:50:15] <burn>	manu:  recipient has been confused as holder in some cases.
[Tue 11:50:17] <KerriLemoie>	q+
[Tue 11:50:18] <voip-vctf>	KerriLemoie has been added to the queue: gkellogg, stone, gkellogg, NateOtto, KerriLemoie
[Tue 11:50:22] <manu>	ack gkellogg 
[Tue 11:50:22] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has the floor (Prefer “Consumer”).
[Tue 11:50:24] <manu>	ack stone 
[Tue 11:50:24] <voip-vctf>	stone has the floor.
[Tue 11:50:26] <manu>	q?
[Tue 11:50:26] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: gkellogg, NateOtto, KerriLemoie
[Tue 11:50:39] <gkellogg>	Note that the glossary defines “credential consumer”: http://opencreds.org/specs/source/glossary/#dfn-credential-consumer
[Tue 11:50:52] <NateOtto>	(err, I meant prefer "consumer" on my q-plus)
[Tue 11:50:53] <burn>	matt:  in favor of the term 'inspector'.  Think of someone asking to see your drivers license.  They are not consuming it but are in fact inspecting it.
[Tue 11:50:56] <manu>	ack gkellogg 
[Tue 11:50:56] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Tue 11:51:27] <manu>	ack NateOtto 
[Tue 11:51:27] <burn>	gregg: we do have in our global glossary the term 'credential consumer', but I can accept 'inspector' if necessary
[Tue 11:51:27] <voip-vctf>	NateOtto has the floor (prefer credential).
[Tue 11:51:27] <ShaneM>	credential consumer
[Tue 11:51:29] <ShaneM>	An entity that requests a credential for processing.y
[Tue 11:52:04] <ShaneM>	'processor' ?
[Tue 11:52:15] <dlongley>	"requestor"
[Tue 11:52:15] <burn>	nate:  ditto.  I prefer consumer since a consumer does care about the meaning of the credential.
[Tue 11:52:17] <KerriLemoie>	+1 processor
[Tue 11:52:28] <manu>	ack KerriLemoie 
[Tue 11:52:28] <voip-vctf>	KerriLemoie has the floor.
[Tue 11:52:30] <manu>	q+ Carla
[Tue 11:52:30] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: Carla
[Tue 11:52:54] <Richard>	claim processor is very much an insurance term
[Tue 11:52:56] <burn>	Kerri: agree with Nate on 'consumer'.  'inspector' implies authority, which may not be appropriate.
[Tue 11:53:03] *	ShaneM is chagrined
[Tue 11:53:07] <burn>	manu:  vote will be between inspector and consumer
[Tue 11:53:11] <manu>	ack CarlaCasilli 
[Tue 11:53:12] <voip-vctf>	CarlaCasilli isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:53:14] <manu>	ack Carla
[Tue 11:53:14] <voip-vctf>	Carla has the floor.
[Tue 11:54:05] <Lake>	Don't want to confuse the conversation but can't we have both inspector and consumer? They play different roles, no?
[Tue 11:54:09] <burn>	carla: my concern with 'consumer' is that the general public understands this term differently than they would understand 'inspector'.  It is in fact acting as a gateway.
[Tue 11:54:20] <KerriLemoie>	Adam - thinking similarly
[Tue 11:54:44] <stone>	+1 inspector
[Tue 11:54:46] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM [SIP/callcentric.com-00000334] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:54:46] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000343] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:54:48] <burn>	manu: this may be a more challenging vote.
[Tue 11:54:51] <voip-vctf>	Shane McCarron [SIP/callcentric.com-0000034d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:54:52] <voip-vctf>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000034e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:54:54] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000034f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:54:55] <NateOtto>	lost audio?
[Tue 11:54:57] <dcrocker>	+1 inspector
[Tue 11:55:04] *	dlongley audio working for me
[Tue 11:55:07] <gkellogg>	+1 consumer, +0 inspector
[Tue 11:55:08] <ShaneM>	voip 34d is ShaneM
[Tue 11:55:14] <voip-vctf>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000350] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:55:17] <ShaneM>	voip: 34d is ShaneM
[Tue 11:55:17] <voip-vctf>	Associated ShaneM with SIP/callcentric.com-0000034d.
[Tue 11:55:18] *	robtrainer (~robtrainer@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:55:19] <voip-vctf>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000034e] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:55:21] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000034f] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:55:21] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000351] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:55:40] <voip-vctf>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000350] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:55:46] <NateOtto>	If there's a current ask, could you ask it in text, having trouble getting back on the audio
[Tue 11:55:48] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000351] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:55:53] <Richard>	noun--inspector is descriptive as to the action.  verb:  consume.  the inspector consumes the claim once it passes inspection
[Tue 11:55:54] <dezell>	+1 for consumer.  (It reads similarly to use in the web service space.)
[Tue 11:55:55] <voip-vctf>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000335] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:55:55] <voip-vctf>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000336] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:55:55] <voip-vctf>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000337] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:55:58] *	burn we are waiting for folks to rejoin
[Tue 11:56:09] *	manu we're going to do the proposal via IRC.
[Tue 11:56:10] *	dlongley proposal will be in IRC
[Tue 11:56:14] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000352] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:56:22] <voip-vctf>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000353] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:56:32] <voip-vctf>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000354] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:56:49] <voip-vctf>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000353] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:56:56] <burn>	manu: we are trying to pick a set of terms just to standardize across docs.  we could change that term to something else later, but we need something unified for now as a single term.
[Tue 11:56:58] <voip-vctf>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000354] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:57:03] *	dlongley we need all the documents aligned on a single term for presentation of the materials in a couple weeks
[Tue 11:57:23] <manu>	PROPOSAL: Choose to use the inspector terminology instead of the consumer terminology.
[Tue 11:57:27] <bsletten>	-1
[Tue 11:57:28] <stone>	+1 inspector
[Tue 11:57:29] <dlongley>	+0
[Tue 11:57:31] <les>	+1
[Tue 11:57:32] <burn>	+1
[Tue 11:57:32] <manu>	+1
[Tue 11:57:34] <gkellogg>	-0, prefer consumer
[Tue 11:57:34] <erkorb_rm>	-1 inspector
[Tue 11:57:34] <Adam_>	+1
[Tue 11:57:39] <KerriLemoie>	-1
[Tue 11:57:39] <NateOtto>	-0 prefer consumer
[Tue 11:57:39] <CarlaCasilli>	+1 on inspector
[Tue 11:57:40] <robtrainer>	-1
[Tue 11:57:42] <erkorb_rm>	+1 consumer
[Tue 11:57:42] <JoeAndrieu>	+1
[Tue 11:57:44] <ShaneM>	-0 prefer consumer too.
[Tue 11:57:49] <jasonweaver>	-1
[Tue 11:57:50] <Richard>	+1 inspector  (can use verb consume to describe action of inspector if that helps)
[Tue 11:57:53] <dcrocker>	+1 inspector
[Tue 11:58:04] <burn>	actually mine is +0
[Tue 11:58:24] <burn>	manu:  5 for consumer, 8 for inspector, 5 abstentions - we do not have consensus
[Tue 11:58:39] <burn>	... will leave as 'consumer' for now because that is the language we have been using
[Tue 11:59:04] <burn>	... any concerns with the reading of the vote?
[Tue 11:59:21] <burn>	... will standardize all docs on use of 'consumer'.  We may have to revisit this.
[Tue 11:59:50] <voip-vctf>	Gregg Kellogg [SIP/10.0.1.174-0000032f] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:59:51] <manu>	Topic: Other items
[Tue 11:59:55] <burn>	manu: Adam is working on primer.
[Tue 12:00:05] <voip-vctf>	jasonweaver [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000352] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:07] *	jasonweaver has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:00:09] <burn>	... survey results are still changing.  total of 55 orgs.
[Tue 12:00:21] <CarlaCasilli>	Want to share the definitions of terms that the Connecting Credentials folks have been working on and how this works with the Credentials Transparency Initiative as we move toward defining TBD credential. It's focused on an edu credentials. but might be worthwhile fodder. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1w5oOsGtrYDLq_b4WsAkRCO-XFdH2fsIZmbuUxUY2VVE/edit
[Tue 12:01:01] <dlongley>	+1 to that note
[Tue 12:01:55] <JoeAndrieu>	to answer a couple questions about "subject"... the in some use cases the subject is not the holder, e.g., in cases of birth/death
[Tue 12:02:07] <stone>	thanks all!
[Tue 12:01:01] <manu>	Present+ trainer, taaz
