[2019-08-01T20:01:51.009Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2019-08-01T20:04:12.493Z]	<rhiaro>	scribe: rhiaro
[2019-08-01T20:04:20.204Z]	<manu>	Meeting: Decentralized Identifier Task Force
[2019-08-01T20:04:21.840Z]	<Shivam_sethi>	Present+
[2019-08-01T20:04:48.290Z]	<manu>	present+
[2019-08-01T20:04:50.444Z]	<charlie>	present+
[2019-08-01T20:04:54.637Z]	<drummond>	present+
[2019-08-01T20:04:56.647Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2019-08-01T20:04:59.867Z]	<mtfk_robert>	present+
[2019-08-01T20:05:30.975Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: Welcome everyone
[2019-08-01T20:05:35.290Z]	<codenamedmitri>	present+
[2019-08-01T20:05:46.546Z]	<rhiaro>	... make sure you're a member of the CCG and have signed the IPR agreement for substantive contributions
[2019-08-01T20:06:22.600Z]	<rhiaro>	... Anyone want to introduce themselves?
[2019-08-01T20:06:23.963Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ Joe_Andrieu\
[2019-08-01T20:06:26.206Z]	<rhiaro>	... Now going to review agenda
[2019-08-01T20:06:28.010Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ Joe_Andrieu
[2019-08-01T20:07:01.520Z]	<rhiaro>	... We don't actually have 6 weeks for the final draft, for an output of the CCG to the WG we need to do it this week
[2019-08-01T20:07:07.057Z]	<manu>	q+ to say some things
[2019-08-01T20:07:08.033Z]	<burn>	q+ unless Manu does
[2019-08-01T20:07:08.505Z]	<rhiaro>	... Do we have confirmaton of the WG? Is the process proceeding?
[2019-08-01T20:07:16.270Z]	<burn>	q-
[2019-08-01T20:07:23.841Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-08-01T20:07:37.378Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: We know things, they're good things, but we're embargoed from saying anything
[2019-08-01T20:07:51.894Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T20:08:04.028Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: just want to make sure everyone understands the increased time pressure
[2019-08-01T20:08:37.829Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: It's mostly administrative. Understand therea re no final decisions being made. We're just trying to bundle up the work we've done and say we're ready to hand it over to the WG which means that we have to produce something called a Final Community Group Specification
[2019-08-01T20:08:56.715Z]	<rhiaro>	... we'll snapshot a version we agree to, we'll ask everyone in the CCG that has contributed in any way to reassert they don't have any IP in this document
[2019-08-01T20:09:07.766Z]	<rhiaro>	... It's ready to go into the DID WG if it's approved
[2019-08-01T20:09:10.065Z]	<rhiaro>	... That's it
[2019-08-01T20:09:19.358Z]	<rhiaro>	... Once we produce that document we can still keep working on with a couple of caveats
[2019-08-01T20:09:35.071Z]	<rhiaro>	... More than likely the right thing to do is for us to go ahead and put that final spec out there with the PRs that are pending that are important put in
[2019-08-01T20:09:38.991Z]	<rhiaro>	... then we snapshot the document
[2019-08-01T20:09:53.381Z]	<rhiaro>	... the thing that takes the longest is prodding people that we know have made contributions to agree to the final CG spec IPR policy
[2019-08-01T20:10:12.053Z]	<rhiaro>	... the way IPR works is  you sign up and say you're not going to contribute any IPR but when you prodce the final draft you recommit and say you're signing off and you're not claiming any IP
[2019-08-01T20:10:15.957Z]	<rhiaro>	... and then it can go int othe WG
[2019-08-01T20:10:25.658Z]	<rhiaro>	... The thing that takes the longest is chaasing people and telling them to click the button
[2019-08-01T20:10:45.771Z]	<rhiaro>	... while we are doing that in parallel for those of us who know we'll be in the DID WG, and agree to the IPR there, so it's safe for us to continue to make contributions
[2019-08-01T20:10:50.099Z]	<rhiaro>	... Primarily that's the editors
[2019-08-01T20:11:02.144Z]	<rhiaro>	... If there's a bunch of editorial work we need to do between the fcgs and when the wg picks it up we can continue to do that
[2019-08-01T20:11:18.492Z]	<rhiaro>	... ONce we're in the WG we can say we're the editors we didn't contribute any IPR
[2019-08-01T20:11:33.584Z]	<rhiaro>	... that's what I suggest we do, without pomp and circumstance, pull in some PRs that aren't controversial and say others have to wait
[2019-08-01T20:11:46.242Z]	<rhiaro>	... put it out to the CCG so everyone can make the IP committments and the editors continue to process the spec in an editorial capacity
[2019-08-01T20:11:47.413Z]	<rhiaro>	q+
[2019-08-01T20:11:53.742Z]	<rhiaro>	... make it clear we're not adding or changing features
[2019-08-01T20:12:00.567Z]	<yancy>	present+
[2019-08-01T20:12:04.241Z]	<rhiaro>	... once the wg starts up we can pull that version in and create a diff, demonstrate nothing major has been added
[2019-08-01T20:12:16.066Z]	<rhiaro>	... that's the suggestion on how we use the next two calls
[2019-08-01T20:12:18.010Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T20:12:19.748Z]	<rhiaro>	In irc if that's okay
[2019-08-01T20:12:41.015Z]	<rhiaro>	I have a list of the open PRs that are not controversial and I'd like to ask if we can merge them today
[2019-08-01T20:12:48.989Z]	<rhiaro>	and re 7 on the agenda, I'm triaging the issues already
[2019-08-01T20:13:06.518Z]	<manu>	+1 to attempting to merge PRs if we can.
[2019-08-01T20:13:22.917Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T20:13:28.771Z]	<manu>	ack rhiaro
[2019-08-01T20:13:35.424Z]	<rhiaro>	that's it.. do you want the list in here?
[2019-08-01T20:13:38.805Z]	<rhiaro>	someone can put them in the doc
[2019-08-01T20:13:42.166Z]	<rhiaro>	I don't have edit access
[2019-08-01T20:13:55.959Z]	<rhiaro>	* [PR#230 Service Endpoint example](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/230)
[2019-08-01T20:13:55.960Z]	<rhiaro>	* [PR#232 Javascript](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/232)
[2019-08-01T20:13:55.960Z]	<rhiaro>	* [PR#237 Markup](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/237)
[2019-08-01T20:13:56.431Z]	<rhiaro>	* [PR#208 Adds reference](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/208)
[2019-08-01T20:13:56.431Z]	<rhiaro>	* [PR#206 Fixes example](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/206)
[2019-08-01T20:13:58.000Z]	<rhiaro>	* [PR#209 Uppercase normative reqs](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/209)
[2019-08-01T20:14:00.197Z]	<rhiaro>	* [PR#210 Rephrase non-normative text](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/210)
[2019-08-01T20:14:02.402Z]	<rhiaro>	* [PR#240 Security considerations on Immutability](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/240)
[2019-08-01T20:15:03.066Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: the other thing markus and I talked about was closing on matrix params
[2019-08-01T20:15:10.788Z]	<rhiaro>	... we have a subset we think are the ones that there's a strong enough case for
[2019-08-01T20:15:15.217Z]	<rhiaro>	... I did a short writeup on that
[2019-08-01T20:15:26.329Z]	<rhiaro>	... small question on terminology
[2019-08-01T20:16:42.559Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: some of the open issues on the DID spec we may want to move them to DID resolution spec, will help close some of the open issues
[2019-08-01T20:17:01.350Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T20:17:16.302Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: we don't need to talk about issues, in order to use our time wisely. Any issues we don't resolve get moved into the WG
[2019-08-01T20:17:20.212Z]	<rhiaro>	... not like we're in any danger of losing them
[2019-08-01T20:17:30.944Z]	<rhiaro>	... if we could focus on PRs we would really like to see go in that would be the best use of our time
[2019-08-01T20:18:05.502Z]	<rhiaro>	Topic: Terminology
[2019-08-01T20:18:17.118Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: we introduce the term DID then talk about a Decentralized Identifier Registry
[2019-08-01T20:18:21.455Z]	<manu>	+1 to DID Registry
[2019-08-01T20:18:23.807Z]	<rhiaro>	... seems inconcruous we don't just call it a DID Registry
[2019-08-01T20:18:28.748Z]	<rhiaro>	... feels strange to spell it out
[2019-08-01T20:18:57.858Z]	<manu>	PROPOSAL: Shift to using the term DID Registry in the specification from Decentralized Identifier Registry.
[2019-08-01T20:19:03.668Z]	<dlongley>	+1
[2019-08-01T20:19:05.430Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1
[2019-08-01T20:19:06.000Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-08-01T20:19:06.538Z]	<rhiaro>	+1
[2019-08-01T20:19:06.642Z]	<charlie>	+1
[2019-08-01T20:19:08.851Z]	<manu>	+1
[2019-08-01T20:19:13.292Z]	<Harpreet>	+1
[2019-08-01T20:19:15.341Z]	<markus_sabadello>	+1
[2019-08-01T20:19:17.567Z]	<dmitriz>	+1
[2019-08-01T20:19:39.218Z]	<rhiaro>	RESOLVED: Shift to using the term DID Registry in the specification from Decentralized Identifier Registry.
[2019-08-01T20:19:53.001Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: so that's an editorial task?
[2019-08-01T20:19:54.318Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: yep
[2019-08-01T20:20:16.807Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: matrix params proposal is a simple way to say alright there's a subset... we have PRs against different matrix params. I don't know if we want to do them separately
[2019-08-01T20:20:20.383Z]	<rhiaro>	... I put them in a table
[2019-08-01T20:20:25.749Z]	<manu>	q+ to try to get the editorial stuff in that Amy mentioned (and Markus mentioned)
[2019-08-01T20:20:43.377Z]	<rhiaro>	... the four that markus and I .. not unanimous... seemed to have folks saying they are things we really want, and everything else is in a second category
[2019-08-01T20:20:50.126Z]	<rhiaro>	... we can discuss them or we can go over them PR by PR
[2019-08-01T20:20:54.540Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T20:21:00.906Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-08-01T20:21:20.003Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: I suggest we go with the more concrete stuff like we have PRs and a number are non normative, the more we can clear the better
[2019-08-01T20:21:37.688Z]	<rhiaro>	... focussing on things that dont' need a lot of discussion will ensure we get as many in the fcgs.. and some are marked as discuss
[2019-08-01T20:21:48.439Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: so you want to go through things that don't need discussion before the discussion ones?
[2019-08-01T20:21:55.136Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: ideally yes, we could burn an hour on the first thing that needs discussion
[2019-08-01T20:22:08.550Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: any suggestion in the order to review them?
[2019-08-01T20:22:14.072Z]	<rhiaro>	no order to mine
[2019-08-01T20:22:20.529Z]	<dlongley>	q+ to mention a new PR that briefly covers what what we've been talking about on the last few calls
[2019-08-01T20:22:21.292Z]	<rhiaro>	markus' doc has more detail
[2019-08-01T20:22:32.606Z]	<drummond>	ack dlongley
[2019-08-01T20:22:33.047Z]	<dlongley>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/242
[2019-08-01T20:22:51.612Z]	<rhiaro>	dlongley: wanted to mention another PR that adds an example of DID Document that has a controller property based on the discussions we've been having that seems everyone is on board
[2019-08-01T20:23:12.077Z]	<rhiaro>	dlongley: I just made it right now
[2019-08-01T20:23:57.932Z]	<rhiaro>	my list is the same markus as yours, but yours has more detail
[2019-08-01T20:24:06.326Z]	<rhiaro>	for the PRs
[2019-08-01T20:24:24.836Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond my list is the same as markus' it's just all the PRs
[2019-08-01T20:25:02.942Z]	<rhiaro>	I don't mind.. my list should be easy ones
[2019-08-01T20:25:25.136Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: markus want to start walking through these?
[2019-08-01T20:25:58.213Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: pr 35 has been on the list for a long time
[2019-08-01T20:26:10.033Z]	<rhiaro>	... making update and deactivate optional
[2019-08-01T20:26:16.766Z]	<rhiaro>	... examples fo DID methods that are just wrapped public keys
[2019-08-01T20:26:20.117Z]	<rhiaro>	... I think the consensus was to support that
[2019-08-01T20:26:24.097Z]	<rhiaro>	... the PR is about changing MUST to SHOULD
[2019-08-01T20:26:38.115Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: I think it has been discussed, proposal is to merge it
[2019-08-01T20:27:18.223Z]	<rhiaro>	I can merge and resolve conflicts after the call if you want
[2019-08-01T20:27:21.438Z]	<dlongley>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/55
[2019-08-01T20:27:30.840Z]	<rhiaro>	s/35/55
[2019-08-01T20:27:56.393Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: any objectiosn to merging 55?
[2019-08-01T20:28:15.266Z]	<rhiaro>	JoeAndrieu: I have a question about the language
[2019-08-01T20:28:16.075Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T20:28:25.483Z]	<rhiaro>	... the DID method specification must specify if possible how a client can update
[2019-08-01T20:28:28.511Z]	<rhiaro>	... um..
[2019-08-01T20:28:32.153Z]	<rhiaro>	... it's not a change to SHOULD
[2019-08-01T20:28:38.272Z]	<rhiaro>	... and it's not clear if they MUST specify whether or not it is possible
[2019-08-01T20:28:42.621Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: yeah that's weird language
[2019-08-01T20:29:02.895Z]	<rhiaro>	dlongley: maybe we should change the language to say must specify how an update is performed or that one cannot be performed
[2019-08-01T20:29:10.540Z]	<rhiaro>	JoeAndrieu: I support it in general just this language is odd
[2019-08-01T20:30:08.237Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: no objections to making that change and merging?
[2019-08-01T20:31:24.104Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: on to 110
[2019-08-01T20:32:01.633Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T20:32:35.301Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: jonny raised that a while ago, I feel it was something that is very specific to ipld. Doesn't mean we don't want to address it but I think it's a complex change that would really change the structure of public keys  and raises questions about the separations of the abstract data model and concrete syntax where we have one syntax that we're using all the time, but to also support different syntax which is used by ipld which is not
[2019-08-01T20:32:35.301Z]	<rhiaro>	jsonld. It's a deep topic I think we can't address quickly
[2019-08-01T20:32:38.259Z]	<rhiaro>	... we don't want to merge the PR now
[2019-08-01T20:32:50.117Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: agree, object to merge
[2019-08-01T20:33:05.413Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: so the question si should we close things or should we leave it open but mark that we don't want it in the final draft
[2019-08-01T20:33:17.138Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: we should probably mark it with do not merge. it's already marked with needs new pr
[2019-08-01T20:33:35.061Z]	<rhiaro>	JoeAndrieu: is there also a notion that we still want to addres sthe thing? a defer? just not this PR?
[2019-08-01T20:33:40.341Z]	<rhiaro>	dlongley: closing it is that
[2019-08-01T20:33:47.109Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: at some point we're goint o have to close all the PRs
[2019-08-01T20:33:53.406Z]	<rhiaro>	... Right now let's just say don't merge it, it's not ready
[2019-08-01T20:34:02.120Z]	<dlongley>	s/closing it/not closing it/
[2019-08-01T20:34:25.134Z]	<rhiaro>	jonathan_holt: mostly it was two pieces. One about ipld uses json pointers heavily
[2019-08-01T20:34:27.948Z]	<manu>	q+ to note that we shouldn't be discussing, we should be merging or moving on.
[2019-08-01T20:35:19.453Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T20:35:23.033Z]	<rhiaro>	... what I meant by deterministic really is that the files.. the title does'nt make sense.. mostly navigate through the ids which is jsonld. I'm fine with closing it. THe other issue was about the multi hashing which was reopened in barcelona, determinsitc endpoints for those resources. Two pieces.. I was deferring the multihashing to making that a work item
[2019-08-01T20:35:28.948Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: there's nothing about multi hashing
[2019-08-01T20:35:30.667Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-08-01T20:35:41.954Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: we need to discuss this more. What jonathan is saying is it's right there's a lot of stuff in the comments
[2019-08-01T20:35:46.556Z]	<rhiaro>	... We only have this call to get PRs in
[2019-08-01T20:35:56.835Z]	<rhiaro>	... We should not discuss things. We either look at it and merge it, or move onto the next one
[2019-08-01T20:36:02.050Z]	<rhiaro>	... or we're not going to get a lot in
[2019-08-01T20:36:05.335Z]	<rhiaro>	... this shouldn't be discussion time
[2019-08-01T20:36:15.882Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: sounds like itneeds further discussion
[2019-08-01T20:36:53.965Z]	<rhiaro>	... moving on to the next one
[2019-08-01T20:36:54.529Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	my apologies. I need to run. Keep up the good work.
[2019-08-01T20:37:12.504Z]	<brent>	present+ Brent_Zundel
[2019-08-01T20:37:17.709Z]	<rhiaro>	... it will go to the DID WG
[2019-08-01T20:37:37.185Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: multihash will be a work item in the CCG not in the WG
[2019-08-01T20:37:43.497Z]	<rhiaro>	... it did not go in the charter
[2019-08-01T20:38:13.380Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T20:38:20.582Z]	<rhiaro>	... we'll come back around to this one
[2019-08-01T20:38:26.078Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: 179
[2019-08-01T20:38:26.145Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/179/files
[2019-08-01T20:39:16.955Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: we talked about this a while ago and I said I"d merge it if nobody objected in 7 days, because of the DID rubrics stuff being a deliverable
[2019-08-01T20:39:46.597Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: does this need further discussion or are folks comfortable with merging this?
[2019-08-01T20:40:00.091Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: I wasn't fully comfortable merging this one
[2019-08-01T20:40:06.225Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: then lets move on
[2019-08-01T20:40:21.727Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: 185 cleaning up terms around DID scheme
[2019-08-01T20:40:41.564Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: I think this was superseded by the abnf pr
[2019-08-01T20:41:02.507Z]	<rhiaro>	I'm fine to close this, markus you said in a comment some things weren't covered by the other PR but I haven't checked
[2019-08-01T20:41:31.291Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: if there was anything that wasn't addressed we can raise a new PR with anything missing
[2019-08-01T20:41:32.583Z]	<rhiaro>	+1
[2019-08-01T20:41:41.665Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: +1 to that, close this PR?
[2019-08-01T20:41:50.459Z]	<rhiaro>	... what was the other PR number?
[2019-08-01T20:41:52.837Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: 189
[2019-08-01T20:42:08.659Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: any objections to closing 179?
[2019-08-01T20:42:36.769Z]	<rhiaro>	s/179/185
[2019-08-01T20:43:06.734Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: now we're on matrix params
[2019-08-01T20:43:11.152Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: sounds like they all need discussion
[2019-08-01T20:43:24.758Z]	<codenamedmitri>	+1 to more discussion
[2019-08-01T20:43:52.622Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: there are strong enough cases for some... but if we don't have consensus then we need more discussion
[2019-08-01T20:43:58.655Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: 194 and 196 I'd +1 merging
[2019-08-01T20:44:11.913Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: service type and key type are too controversial, not clear at which layer of the stack that should happen
[2019-08-01T20:44:22.762Z]	<brent>	q?
[2019-08-01T20:44:22.825Z]	<rhiaro>	... 192 key is also not clear
[2019-08-01T20:44:27.425Z]	<rhiaro>	... similar functionality with fragment
[2019-08-01T20:44:35.215Z]	<rhiaro>	... content type and content-id is also too unclear
[2019-08-01T20:44:43.941Z]	<rhiaro>	... not clear how to realise them
[2019-08-01T20:44:55.716Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T20:44:56.700Z]	<dlongley>	q+
[2019-08-01T20:45:30.402Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: version-time is included in the version-id PR
[2019-08-01T20:45:38.865Z]	<rhiaro>	... were we saying version-time is something that goes with version-id?
[2019-08-01T20:45:53.154Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: is version-time something you object to?
[2019-08-01T20:46:01.618Z]	<codenamedmitri>	i still don’t quite understand why version if is in core did
[2019-08-01T20:46:06.642Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: I was probably not on the call so if htere's consensus we should move it in, I just wanted to point out that PR is version-id and version-time
[2019-08-01T20:46:08.627Z]	<codenamedmitri>	vs resolver
[2019-08-01T20:46:26.119Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: the one in the spec is service, version-id version-time and hl are the only ones that we should add
[2019-08-01T20:47:23.507Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: properties you need in a particular URL... we're saying that if you have actions that you're taking with a DID like signing documents it needs to be referencable what version of a DID Document is being used. I fyou're logging that action and you need to reference it in court..
[2019-08-01T20:47:25.801Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: makes sense
[2019-08-01T20:47:27.766Z]	<codenamedmitri>	is that not hashlink’s domain?
[2019-08-01T20:47:43.992Z]	<rhiaro>	... I'm not objecting to version-time but saying we may want to merge them in the future
[2019-08-01T20:47:46.474Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T20:47:50.106Z]	<rhiaro>	... proposal is merge 194 and 196
[2019-08-01T20:48:04.486Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: I dunno if we answered dmitri's question. Anything further?
[2019-08-01T20:48:16.047Z]	<rhiaro>	dmitriz: let's go ahead. I do have further questions but it can be done in the WG
[2019-08-01T20:48:27.181Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: any objections to merging 194 and 196
[2019-08-01T20:48:31.840Z]	<rhiaro>	... hearning none
[2019-08-01T20:48:43.061Z]	<rhiaro>	... and all the rest?
[2019-08-01T20:48:47.755Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: they hang out until the WG picks them up
[2019-08-01T20:49:10.640Z]	<drummond>	ack dlongley
[2019-08-01T20:49:15.351Z]	<dlongley>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/179/files#r309888612
[2019-08-01T20:49:40.012Z]	<rhiaro>	dlongley: we were looking at 179 which had controversial language in, but it's old and we weren't interested in using it anyway. We got agreement on new language in the charter. I think we can close 179 with the same language as the charter since we all agreed on it
[2019-08-01T20:49:49.881Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: that's practical. We spent a lot of time on the charter
[2019-08-01T20:49:50.682Z]	<rhiaro>	+1
[2019-08-01T20:49:54.335Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: +1
[2019-08-01T20:49:56.525Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-08-01T20:50:05.952Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: the language in the charter is different language tan the PR?
[2019-08-01T20:50:20.584Z]	<rhiaro>	dlongley: we would drop the PR language, we would just use the language in the charter we all agreed to that avoided the contrvoersial stuff in the PR
[2019-08-01T20:50:22.958Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: sounds great
[2019-08-01T20:50:31.212Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: who made the PR
[2019-08-01T20:50:32.859Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: I did
[2019-08-01T20:50:33.400Z]	<brent>	+1
[2019-08-01T20:50:43.505Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: we have a proposal for manu to replace the language in 179 with the charter language and then merge?
[2019-08-01T20:50:49.085Z]	<rhiaro>	... any objections?
[2019-08-01T20:50:58.820Z]	<rhiaro>	... hearing none, make it so
[2019-08-01T20:51:22.298Z]	<rhiaro>	... 206
[2019-08-01T20:51:28.759Z]	<rhiaro>	It's fixing an example afaik
[2019-08-01T20:51:38.249Z]	<rhiaro>	... editorial
[2019-08-01T20:51:51.614Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: the spec saying the service must have an id attribute but there are examples without it
[2019-08-01T20:51:55.346Z]	<rhiaro>	dlongley: really simple
[2019-08-01T20:52:05.681Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: I'm not sure it's a good idea we must have an id
[2019-08-01T20:52:16.516Z]	<rhiaro>	... but don't want to discuss that now. Since the spec says it now. the PR just changes the examples
[2019-08-01T20:52:27.539Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: so it may get revisited, but to go ahead and merge this?
[2019-08-01T20:52:28.192Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/206
[2019-08-01T20:52:31.202Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: yeah
[2019-08-01T20:52:45.120Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: proposal to merge 206, any objections?
[2019-08-01T20:52:52.085Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T20:52:54.294Z]	<rhiaro>	... not hearing any, proceed
[2019-08-01T20:53:16.189Z]	<rhiaro>	I think almost all the rest are on my list
[2019-08-01T20:53:37.957Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: next 208 add link to spec
[2019-08-01T20:53:58.612Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: there's a section that talks about human readable identifiers and how they relate to DIDs and how they can be discovered eg domain names
[2019-08-01T20:54:23.957Z]	<rhiaro>	... that's already in the spec, I'm proposing to add a link to one spec that I've written with some colleagues from domain name registry on how exactly a DID could be discovered. Just a PR that adds alink
[2019-08-01T20:54:28.799Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/208/files
[2019-08-01T20:54:30.666Z]	<dlongley>	+1
[2019-08-01T20:54:30.710Z]	<rhiaro>	+1
[2019-08-01T20:54:37.995Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: in favour
[2019-08-01T20:54:39.467Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-08-01T20:54:41.172Z]	<rhiaro>	... any objections?
[2019-08-01T20:54:53.092Z]	<rhiaro>	... not hearing any
[2019-08-01T20:55:09.181Z]	<rhiaro>	... 209
[2019-08-01T20:55:13.924Z]	<rhiaro>	... looks editorial
[2019-08-01T20:55:34.674Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: he did this while he was writing the test suite
[2019-08-01T20:55:39.997Z]	<rhiaro>	... +1
[2019-08-01T20:55:50.380Z]	<dlongley>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/209
[2019-08-01T20:55:56.064Z]	<rhiaro>	... all he did was take lowercase musts mays and shoulds and if they should have been uppercase make them uppercase
[2019-08-01T20:56:00.371Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: in favour
[2019-08-01T20:56:01.088Z]	<rhiaro>	+1
[2019-08-01T20:56:01.935Z]	<dlongley>	+1 to merge
[2019-08-01T20:56:04.377Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T20:56:05.361Z]	<rhiaro>	... any questsions?
[2019-08-01T20:56:21.713Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: only quesetion was he didn't change all these lowercase terms, only when they should be uppercase right? there are also case they should be lowercase
[2019-08-01T20:56:28.616Z]	<rhiaro>	there's another pr that changes lowercase ones to new language! the next one!
[2019-08-01T20:56:52.746Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: we should change any lowercase musts to other language anyway
[2019-08-01T20:57:09.206Z]	<rhiaro>	I don't know
[2019-08-01T20:57:25.317Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: we need to check if it says lowercase musts are not normative
[2019-08-01T20:57:30.730Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: any objections to merge 209?
[2019-08-01T20:57:37.657Z]	<rhiaro>	... we will proceed
[2019-08-01T20:58:15.266Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: 210
[2019-08-01T20:58:28.182Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: I'm looking through
[2019-08-01T20:58:52.380Z]	<dlongley>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/210
[2019-08-01T20:58:55.429Z]	<dlongley>	+1 to merge
[2019-08-01T20:59:00.850Z]	<rhiaro>	... adding dlongley's correction of the URL
[2019-08-01T20:59:48.642Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: looks good to me
[2019-08-01T20:59:53.093Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: looks good to me
[2019-08-01T21:00:00.835Z]	<rhiaro>	... any objections?
[2019-08-01T21:00:14.500Z]	<rhiaro>	... and merged
[2019-08-01T21:00:17.646Z]	<Justin>	note, the average letter in the english alphabet has 1.08 syllables
[2019-08-01T21:00:42.583Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: next 230
[2019-08-01T21:00:52.835Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: wasn't sure about that
[2019-08-01T21:01:08.957Z]	<rhiaro>	... seems to add something that is never explained
[2019-08-01T21:01:15.262Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: the instances thing? and the @type is wrong
[2019-08-01T21:01:39.708Z]	<rhiaro>	... but other than that it's fine, meaning it's an extension. The identity hubs, DIF has created a new type of serivce endpoint, it's valid jsonld
[2019-08-01T21:01:55.448Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: there is an open issue on the did resolution spec that proposes that the value of the service endpoint property is itself a DID
[2019-08-01T21:02:00.901Z]	<rhiaro>	... some discussion and support
[2019-08-01T21:02:10.608Z]	<rhiaro>	... my quesetion was whether that's the same thing with different syntax
[2019-08-01T21:02:20.206Z]	<rhiaro>	... if you have to resolve another DID to get a service endpoint
[2019-08-01T21:02:30.344Z]	<rhiaro>	... wasn't sure what it means or how it relates to the other proposal
[2019-08-01T21:02:36.782Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T21:03:03.446Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: reasoning through it it sounds like you're uneasy about merging it. It would be fine if it was about identity hubs specifically. It's specific to identity hubs.. the only thing that's wrong is @type
[2019-08-01T21:03:14.726Z]	<rhiaro>	... markus it doens't preclude the thing you just said from happening
[2019-08-01T21:03:16.171Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: okay
[2019-08-01T21:03:26.224Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: proposal would be to merge (once @type is fixed)
[2019-08-01T21:03:43.172Z]	<rhiaro>	brent: fixed it
[2019-08-01T21:04:02.896Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T21:05:02.252Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: we can tell whoever merges it in to fix the type thing
[2019-08-01T21:05:57.365Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: 234 section on interop
[2019-08-01T21:06:04.581Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: came out of charter work. should not be in charter but in spec
[2019-08-01T21:06:33.990Z]	<rhiaro>	... comment talking about what the wg is going to do, confusing to have that language in the spec
[2019-08-01T21:06:46.876Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: so fix the language or not do anything about this?
[2019-08-01T21:07:07.638Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: haven't thought about it much.
[2019-08-01T21:07:13.037Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: we need another pass on this before we pull it in
[2019-08-01T21:07:20.205Z]	<rhiaro>	... we need to mvoe things like about the test suite
[2019-08-01T21:07:22.327Z]	<rhiaro>	... let's not merge this yet
[2019-08-01T21:07:26.577Z]	<rhiaro>	... it needs another pass
[2019-08-01T21:07:31.491Z]	<Justin>	q+
[2019-08-01T21:07:32.109Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: I agree
[2019-08-01T21:07:35.166Z]	<rhiaro>	... not merge
[2019-08-01T21:07:53.893Z]	<rhiaro>	... just wanted to make sure it's on the queue since we took it out of the charter
[2019-08-01T21:07:55.258Z]	<rhiaro>	q?
[2019-08-01T21:08:05.336Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: next is 237 fix the delegates section link
[2019-08-01T21:08:09.048Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: it's easy, just a fix
[2019-08-01T21:08:16.150Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: that seciont is currently commented out
[2019-08-01T21:08:20.203Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: the delegates section doesn't exist?
[2019-08-01T21:08:25.128Z]	<rhiaro>	... well then this fix isn't going to work
[2019-08-01T21:08:26.570Z]	<Justin>	q- the conversation has moved on
[2019-08-01T21:08:26.939Z]	<rhiaro>	... don't merge
[2019-08-01T21:08:39.988Z]	<Justin>	q-
[2019-08-01T21:08:48.010Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: down to the final 3, 239 move list form charter to spec
[2019-08-01T21:08:51.482Z]	<rhiaro>	brent: terrible title I'm sorry
[2019-08-01T21:09:25.764Z]	<rhiaro>	... this was originally an attempt to appeas some people but turned into an explanation fo how the DID/DID Method hierarchy fits together and draws parallels to the URI vs URI scheme
[2019-08-01T21:09:46.908Z]	<rhiaro>	... explanation about 2 different DID methods not interopping just the way you wouldn't expect 2 URI schemes are not interoperable
[2019-08-01T21:09:47.752Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: +1 to merge
[2019-08-01T21:09:51.475Z]	<dlongley>	+1 to merge
[2019-08-01T21:09:53.181Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: this is quite carefully crafted, I think it's important
[2019-08-01T21:09:56.896Z]	<drummond>	+1
[2019-08-01T21:10:00.954Z]	<rhiaro>	... any objections?
[2019-08-01T21:10:01.579Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T21:10:04.892Z]	<dlongley>	this is: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/239 ... btw.
[2019-08-01T21:10:44.149Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: this comes right after a green note box we have about relationship generic uris/specific uri scheme and urn spec and urn namespaces, comes right after that. Is it irelated ot that? is it about the nature of DIDs as URIs?
[2019-08-01T21:10:50.526Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: yes partially.
[2019-08-01T21:11:01.745Z]	<Justin>	q+
[2019-08-01T21:11:07.602Z]	<rhiaro>	... this adds language about the downsides of DIDs, you need to worry about x y and z
[2019-08-01T21:11:11.134Z]	<drummond>	ack Justin
[2019-08-01T21:11:41.066Z]	<rhiaro>	Justin: I think it is imporant that we have appropriate bounderies around what DIDs are good for and what theyr'e not good for. Calling out things like how we expect interoperability and conformance and compliance to work is very important for a spec
[2019-08-01T21:11:47.534Z]	<rhiaro>	... I don't think it belongs in the charter, that's presupposing the solution
[2019-08-01T21:11:56.182Z]	<rhiaro>	... having this type of language properly caged inside the spec does make sense
[2019-08-01T21:12:09.605Z]	<rhiaro>	... whether it's this exact text in the long term I don't think so, I think this can be worked through but it's a good stab at it
[2019-08-01T21:12:15.579Z]	<rhiaro>	... but I do support its inclusion in the spec
[2019-08-01T21:12:18.766Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: yep
[2019-08-01T21:12:20.679Z]	<manu>	+1 to Justin... I don't think this is the text he's talking about, but we should merge it anyway.
[2019-08-01T21:12:21.397Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T21:12:31.010Z]	<markus_sabadello>	+1 to merge
[2019-08-01T21:12:31.308Z]	<rhiaro>	Justin: also manu will attest to us adding similar bounding language to the VC spec during that process
[2019-08-01T21:12:31.887Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-08-01T21:12:35.400Z]	<rhiaro>	... a lot of specs miss in the wild
[2019-08-01T21:12:36.344Z]	<manu>	q+ to agree
[2019-08-01T21:12:38.684Z]	<rhiaro>	... it's to their detriment
[2019-08-01T21:12:40.424Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2019-08-01T21:12:40.607Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2019-08-01T21:12:44.384Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-08-01T21:12:47.932Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: yep, what justin said
[2019-08-01T21:12:56.843Z]	<rhiaro>	... this isn't that language, it's 20% of what we need. the other 80% we'll put in in time
[2019-08-01T21:13:05.818Z]	<dlongley>	+1
[2019-08-01T21:13:07.354Z]	<rhiaro>	Justin: this isnt good enough for a final spec but we're not writing a final spec
[2019-08-01T21:13:12.993Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T21:13:27.000Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: proposal to merge, any objections?
[2019-08-01T21:13:39.783Z]	<rhiaro>	... aaaall right
[2019-08-01T21:14:03.402Z]	<rhiaro>	... next is 240 about immutability
[2019-08-01T21:14:37.253Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: we had an open issue where he argues about immutability of the id properties, long discussion
[2019-08-01T21:14:48.828Z]	<rhiaro>	... strong requirement potentially for id properties to be immutable
[2019-08-01T21:14:57.178Z]	<rhiaro>	... this PR addresses his concerns
[2019-08-01T21:15:19.682Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: thoughts?
[2019-08-01T21:15:21.844Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T21:15:28.415Z]	<brent>	q+
[2019-08-01T21:15:34.532Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-08-01T21:15:55.426Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: I have discussed with daniel, certainly worthy of consideration. I don't know if this is language that needs to be refined
[2019-08-01T21:16:10.043Z]	<rhiaro>	q?
[2019-08-01T21:16:18.576Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: loolking to see where this pops up in the spec
[2019-08-01T21:16:28.804Z]	<rhiaro>	... if he has put this in security considerations
[2019-08-01T21:16:33.491Z]	<rhiaro>	dlongley: it is
[2019-08-01T21:16:42.093Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: then +1 to merge. I don't necessarily agree but it's something that should be considered
[2019-08-01T21:16:52.883Z]	<rhiaro>	dlongley: the language should change but it's fine to merge now
[2019-08-01T21:16:58.727Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: that makes sense in that context
[2019-08-01T21:17:09.456Z]	<manu>	q?
[2019-08-01T21:17:20.037Z]	<drummond>	ack brent
[2019-08-01T21:17:24.370Z]	<manu>	ack brent
[2019-08-01T21:17:25.317Z]	<drummond>	ack manu
[2019-08-01T21:17:27.694Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2019-08-01T21:17:28.792Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T21:17:43.935Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: proposal to merge 238, objections?
[2019-08-01T21:17:50.184Z]	<rhiaro>	... going going gone
[2019-08-01T21:18:02.522Z]	<rhiaro>	s/238/240
[2019-08-01T21:18:20.799Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: the final one.. 242.. opened an hour ago by dlongley
[2019-08-01T21:19:34.023Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-08-01T21:19:43.843Z]	<rhiaro>	jonathan_holt: is it a single string or an array of strings?
[2019-08-01T21:19:54.663Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T21:20:07.491Z]	<rhiaro>	dlongley: debatable, underspecified as this isn't the final spec. Could at least be a single string, si being used by implementations today. Want to get at least this in the spec, we could go further than that in the WG
[2019-08-01T21:20:18.137Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T21:20:19.217Z]	<rhiaro>	jonathan_holt: I imagine it could be a ?? signatures
[2019-08-01T21:20:24.301Z]	<drummond>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-08-01T21:20:27.949Z]	<dlongley>	s/??/M of N/
[2019-08-01T21:20:40.457Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: this PR is fully compatible with the sections on auth? it doens't contradict that?
[2019-08-01T21:20:45.264Z]	<rhiaro>	dlongley: seemed liek the most appropriate place to put that
[2019-08-01T21:20:58.379Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: there is a section that's commented out right now which says delegates.. wonder if we can remove that
[2019-08-01T21:21:03.964Z]	<rhiaro>	dlongley: pretty sure it's ancient and should be removed
[2019-08-01T21:21:06.884Z]	<rhiaro>	... some really old stuff
[2019-08-01T21:21:14.661Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: but there is a link to that commented out section we discussed earlier
[2019-08-01T21:21:22.621Z]	<rhiaro>	... that's in the proof section 5.9
[2019-08-01T21:21:38.748Z]	<rhiaro>	dlongley: that's a separate issue
[2019-08-01T21:21:48.805Z]	<rhiaro>	... don't know if anyone is putting proofs on their did documents any more that's separate
[2019-08-01T21:21:53.857Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: we could also remove that commented out section
[2019-08-01T21:21:58.277Z]	<rhiaro>	dlongley: I think that should be done with a different PR
[2019-08-01T21:22:01.506Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: okay
[2019-08-01T21:22:13.565Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: is a commented out section something editors can just remove? why isit commented out?
[2019-08-01T21:22:32.432Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: I did it to simplify the spec. Didn't want to remove it until it was clear that was a direction we didn't want to go in
[2019-08-01T21:22:33.839Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T21:23:00.653Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: perhaps we could merge the earlier PR that fixes the link to the commented out section, it would be broken but it references the non existing section
[2019-08-01T21:23:30.694Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: we could just delete it entirely, that sentence, because it's wrong if we put it in because the link is broken, and section 4.3 is wrong because it's the wrong thing, mroe than likely we'll remove it anyway. Rather than merge it in we should just delete it
[2019-08-01T21:23:40.090Z]	<rhiaro>	brent: we could merge it in and comment it out.
[2019-08-01T21:23:51.076Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: resolution on that discussion?
[2019-08-01T21:23:55.537Z]	<dlongley>	PR is: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/242
[2019-08-01T21:23:59.358Z]	<dlongley>	+1 to merge
[2019-08-01T21:24:08.982Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: any objections?
[2019-08-01T21:24:14.471Z]	<rhiaro>	+1
[2019-08-01T21:24:18.926Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: going going gone
[2019-08-01T21:24:24.129Z]	<rhiaro>	... that's the last one
[2019-08-01T21:24:32.308Z]	<rhiaro>	... unless brent has been busy and added another
[2019-08-01T21:24:52.538Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: everything that needs to be merged is marked, with a comment about fixes
[2019-08-01T21:25:04.135Z]	<rhiaro>	... either amy or myself or maybe markus will just go to work to merge everything down
[2019-08-01T21:25:10.392Z]	<rhiaro>	... my suggestion is we make that the fcgs specification
[2019-08-01T21:25:23.814Z]	<rhiaro>	... we still technically have until next week and see if any new PRs come in and if we can merge them
[2019-08-01T21:25:26.271Z]	<rhiaro>	... it's good enough
[2019-08-01T21:25:33.532Z]	<rhiaro>	... I don't think any work we do in a week would make that big of a difference
[2019-08-01T21:25:36.360Z]	<rhiaro>	... Thoughts?
[2019-08-01T21:25:47.166Z]	<rhiaro>	... Do we want to merge all these and call that the fcgs and continue to process issuse and PRs?
[2019-08-01T21:25:57.645Z]	<rhiaro>	markus_sabadello: I looked over the list of issues, there are 2 or 3 we may want to fix with new Prs
[2019-08-01T21:26:06.949Z]	<rhiaro>	... perhaps th eone on the context uri and definition
[2019-08-01T21:27:06.657Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: a suggestion is we treat this as a candidate. We do what manu just said and as soon as that's all merged we have something fairly clean w ecan look through, final pass through for real issuse, and whoever wants to say okay there's an issue or issues that should do something about, they have 7 days to do that and then on that next call as long as it's not too tight, anything that would be a PR on the final is decided and then we're done
[2019-08-01T21:27:08.646Z]	<rhiaro>	manu: yep that works
[2019-08-01T21:27:18.933Z]	<rhiaro>	... and of course the thing that would really hlep that process is for people to do PRs before next week's call
[2019-08-01T21:27:30.160Z]	<rhiaro>	... if there are issues that are vital you could send them to the mailing list or put in PRs for those
[2019-08-01T21:27:35.112Z]	<rhiaro>	... so that we're ready to go during the call next week
[2019-08-01T21:28:06.028Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: if you want it considered on that next call you have to create a PR, unless it's some kind of fix, but no new PRs as of the start of that call
[2019-08-01T21:28:10.062Z]	<rhiaro>	... we should be able to get that done
[2019-08-01T21:28:34.206Z]	<drummond>	q?
[2019-08-01T21:29:14.725Z]	<brent>	+1
[2019-08-01T21:29:20.206Z]	<rhiaro>	drummond: anything else?
[2019-08-01T21:29:50.889Z]	<rhiaro>	... will send out an email about last call for community final
[2019-08-01T21:30:00.963Z]	<rhiaro>	... thanks everyone, appreciated
[2019-08-01T21:30:51.072Z]	<drummond>	@rhiaro, you are a godsend, thank you for scribing!
[2019-08-01T21:37:04.035Z]	<rhiaro>	voip publish minutes
[2019-08-01T21:37:10.520Z]	<rhiaro>	voip: publish minutes
[2019-08-01T21:37:15.568Z]	<rhiaro>	voip: make minutes
[2019-08-01T21:37:40.006Z]	<rhiaro>	voip: self-destruct
