[Tue 11:05:39] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Mar/0102.html
[Tue 11:05:39] <manu>	scribe: SunnyLee
[Tue 11:05:41] <voip-cr>	elf Pavlik [SIP/92.226.69.43-0000011b] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:13:13] *	NateOtto has quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)
[Tue 11:13:13] <voip-cr>	Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000010a] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:13:13] <voip-cr>	15406411942 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000011c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:13:13] <voip-cr>	Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000011d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:13:13] <voip-cr>	Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000011d] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:13:13] <voip-cr>	NateOtto [SIP/192.168.1.102-0000011e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:13:13] <voip-cr>	elf Pavlik [SIP/92.226.69.43-0000011f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:13:13] <voip-cr>	Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000120] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:13:13] <voip-cr>	NateOtto [SIP/192.168.1.102-0000011e] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:13:13] <voip-cr>	elf Pavlik [SIP/92.226.69.43-0000011f] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:13:13] <SunnyLee>	manu: during last call, we said w3c wants to move fairly quickly, that timeline has been moved up even closer. very aggressive timeline. w3c wants web payment ig to recommend groups by end of june of this year. need to get everything ready by that time frame, meaning charter, exec summary etc.
[Tue 11:13:13] <voip-cr>	Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000120] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:13:13] <SunnyLee>	manu: want new group created by sept of this year
[Tue 11:13:13] <SunnyLee>	manu: right now talking to w3c mgmt, trying to get things quickly set up
[Tue 11:13:13] <voip-cr>	Brian Sletten [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000121] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:13:13] <SunnyLee>	manu: lot of educating, staff contacts at w3c up to speed
[Tue 11:13:13] <SunnyLee>	manu: timeline: by june mgmt of w3c want a recommendation to create a wg. need to get all messaging cohesive. usually get 6 months, but we need to do this in 2 months. very aggresive timeline.
[Tue 11:13:13] <SunnyLee>	manu: need to have people on that list contacted by end of june.
[Tue 11:13:13] <SunnyLee>	manu: once that happens, they need to get caught up to speed on technical work.
[Tue 11:13:13] <SunnyLee>	manu: by sept when we launch, we're all ready to go.
[Tue 11:13:13] <SunnyLee>	manu: problem with launching a wg like this is that we don't want to spin up a wg only to stall. that's the risk with taking on such an aggressive timeline.
[Tue 11:13:13] <SunnyLee>	manu: when sept rolls around, people in the group should hit the ground running.
[Tue 11:13:13] <SunnyLee>	manu: we basically have a month before w3c meeting in sapporo japan in late october 2015
[Tue 11:13:13] <voip-cr>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000122] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:13:13] *	NateOtto_ has quit (Ping timeout: 255 seconds)
[Tue 11:13:19] <SunnyLee>	manu: to review the timeline again, we need to get as many orgs up to speed by june - july timeframe. need them to get caught up by sept, we only have several telecon meetings before gathering in sapporo
[Tue 11:13:26] <SunnyLee>	manu: questions?
[Tue 11:13:37] <elf-pavlik>	http://www.w3.org/2015/11/TPAC/
[Tue 11:13:39] <Mark>	Hi Manu, It was my understanding that the Roadmap would morph, with portions moving into the Executive Overview, the diagram moving into Use Cases and remainder (mostly schedule/timeline, issues, etc.) remaining - a part of which will it seems be duplicated in a charter?     Is that the plan? Thanks, Mark
[Tue 11:13:51] <voip-cr>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000123] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:13:53] <SunnyLee>	bsletten: can you tell us about what outreach work entails?
[Tue 11:14:01] <SunnyLee>	manu: reaching out to those in the recruiting doc.
[Tue 11:14:29] <SunnyLee>	manu: get them to understand everything that we're doing. bsletten you can definitely help out with that with current w3c members. effectively sending out an email and answering any questions they might have.
[Tue 11:14:52] *	aishairzay (~aishairza@216.252.204.51) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:15:18] <SunnyLee>	manu: any other qs with w3c credential cg update?
[Tue 11:15:46] <elf-pavlik>	where do we find info on steps for W3C members to support creation of Credentials WG ?
[Tue 11:15:56] <SunnyLee>	manu: it is vital we execute on this stuff as soon as possible. If we screw this up, we'll have to wait another year. w3c is putting a lot of pressure on us.
[Tue 11:16:21] <SunnyLee>	manu: think we're gonna end up with actions to every single person this call. make sure they understand the work that we're trying to do.
[Tue 11:16:25] *	NateOtto (~textual@c-71-237-170-49.hsd1.or.comcast.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:17:13] <SunnyLee>	manu: in response to elf-pavlik the steps are what i just outlined. this is being done in a very different way. trying to fast track it. They're fast tracking it faster than we asked them to. We need to accelerate our timeline by a couple months.
[Tue 11:17:27] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Communications_Strategy_Task_Force/Doc_Relations#Draft_Charters
[Tue 11:17:30] <SunnyLee>	manu: will know more after this week. Will be having discussion with w3c about nailing down a timeline.
[Tue 11:17:34] <elf-pavlik>	how do they do official +1 ?
[Tue 11:17:40] <voip-cr>	Hassan Almas [SIP/6004-00000124] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:17:46] <SunnyLee>	manu: that link shows that our charter has already been integrated into the pitch
[Tue 11:17:59] *	Victoriano (5aa1ccfd@gateway/web/freenode/ip.90.161.204.253) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:18:26] <SunnyLee>	manu: the official way this is done is you do a call for interest, you have a workshop, you create an interest group, after the interest group works for a year, you go into working group. We're skipping 18 months. Everyone on the working group is reading off the same page.
[Tue 11:18:35] <voip-cr>	vic [SIP/90.161.204.253-00000125] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:18:46] <voip-cr>	vic [SIP/90.161.204.253-00000125] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:19:20] <SunnyLee>	manu: next steps: everyone will be assigned orgs and we need to onboard those orgs
[Tue 11:19:52] <SunnyLee>	manu: we give them a link to exec summary, we ask them specifically for a statement that they want the group to be created. Then we work with them to bring them up to speed. show them exec summary, use cases and some demos.
[Tue 11:20:09] <manu>	Topic: Executive Summary
[Tue 11:20:15] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Nq543-Am1hQUIZ2hhzAFl8KexvIEBwDDc_f3Ikz1opQ/edit
[Tue 11:20:46] <SunnyLee>	manu: this is a first pass at a one-pager executive summary.
[Tue 11:21:20] <SunnyLee>	manu: brief intro to what we mean by credentials, demonstrate that credentials are applicable to a variety of market places. outline group's goals, what we want to achieve.
[Tue 11:22:14] <SunnyLee>	manu: how are we going to drive this? what steps do they need to go through?
[Tue 11:22:36] <SunnyLee>	manu: we'll likely need to create a google doc form. we want to link them to the use cases so they can understand the type of problems we're trying to address.
[Tue 11:22:53] <SunnyLee>	manu: Mark tried to reconfigure roadmap doc into this format
[Tue 11:23:02] <SunnyLee>	manu: any questions about exec summary or what we're doing there?
[Tue 11:23:11] <SunnyLee>	manu: would anyone have any concern about circulating this?
[Tue 11:23:28] <SunnyLee>	bsletten: will take a quick pass after the call but don't see any issue
[Tue 11:23:48] <SunnyLee>	manu: keep in mind this one pager is first contact for many orgs
[Tue 11:24:01] <SunnyLee>	manu: please comment on this and try to refine it
[Tue 11:24:04] <elf-pavlik>	can we replace all [LINK TO..] with links to current drafts?
[Tue 11:24:07] <SunnyLee>	manu: needs to be done by end of next week
[Tue 11:24:52] <SunnyLee>	manu: elf-pavlik yes idea is that this will be off of credential wiki. we'll create new wiki pages like we did for credential cg. use cases we'll put in cg respec format.
[Tue 11:25:01] <SunnyLee>	manu: use cases need to be in good shape by end of next week
[Tue 11:25:28] <SunnyLee>	manu: we should talk about use cases.
[Tue 11:25:41] <manu>	Topic: Use Cases
[Tue 11:25:48] <manu>	scribe: manu
[Tue 11:25:48] <manu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1f2U97L5vrFHOActRFVSRDg3koTeA6_Oy3SCGmkimziM/edit
[Tue 11:26:09] <manu>	Sunny: Based on the conversation last week - we felt pretty good wrt. what we've captured so far.
[Tue 11:26:27] <manu>	Sunny: I took a look at it this morning, looking for additional comments - not sure if people have been able to make a pass at it.
[Tue 11:27:10] <NateOtto>	Maybe instead of "earning" as a phase, something along the lines of "recipient management"
[Tue 11:27:16] <manu>	Brian: I looked through it - looked at Web Payments Use Cases (micro use cases) - will look at it more this week.
[Tue 11:25:48] <manu>	scribe: SunnyLee
[Tue 11:27:36] <manu>	Sunny: Who needs to coordinate on this?
[Tue 11:28:03] <SunnyLee>	manu: let's send out an email manu, bsletten, SunnyLee NateOtto kerri will be on the thread
[Tue 11:28:16] <SunnyLee>	manu: because of the tight timeline we may step on each other's toes.
[Tue 11:28:32] <SunnyLee>	manu:  have an idea of what this doc looks like in the micro use cases model.
[Tue 11:28:48] <SunnyLee>	manu: if that model doensn't work, we can use what's there and shove it into an editor
[Tue 11:29:15] <SunnyLee>	manu: NateOtto says he can't join via voice
[Tue 11:29:18] <SunnyLee>	manu: only on IRC
[Tue 11:29:21] <manu>	Topic: Credentials/Badges Vocabulary Update
[Tue 11:29:25] <Victoriano>	Victoriano as well
[Tue 11:29:26] <SunnyLee>	manu: let's see if NateOtto can contribute on IRC
[Tue 11:29:29] *	manu NateOtto would you mind giving an update on IRC?
[Tue 11:29:29] <NateOtto>	Howdy
[Tue 11:29:38] <NateOtto>	Sure, can do my best
[Tue 11:29:56] <NateOtto>	At the Badge Alliance, we're getting ready to release the first Linked Data version of Open Badges
[Tue 11:30:28] <NateOtto>	The Credentials vocabulary draft that was shown a couple weeks ago hasn't changed since then; haven't seen any comments or feedback besides elf's, which was very helpful
[Tue 11:30:36] <elf-pavlik>	https://github.com/openbadges/openbadges-specification/issues/32
[Tue 11:31:05] <NateOtto>	I proposed a badges context that referenced IRIs in the credentials vocabulary namespace, but was warned that it may be a long time before the credentials vocabulary is locked down
[Tue 11:31:15] <manu>	Here's the vocabulary document for OpenBadges http://specification.openbadges.org/credentials/#
[Tue 11:31:17] <NateOtto>	... and so it would be better to use IRIs in a Badges vocabulary namespace
[Tue 11:31:41] <NateOtto>	So the question came up: Open Badges wishes to release a version that uses a Linked Data context in the near future. Some of the classes and properties in the draft Credentials Vocabulary could serve as the IRIs for components of badges that could appear in this context. But the Credentials vocabulary has not been thoroughly reviewed, and it might not be approved by this group or a future Working Group to be published for
[Tue 11:31:41] <NateOtto>	 some time. What would the consequences be of using IRIs within an Open Badges context for now that may later be superceded by terms in a published Credentials vocabulary. Is it hard to move from using one IRI for a term to another IRI?
[Tue 11:32:24] <NateOtto>	manu and dlongley said it is more important that the _meaning_ of a term stays constant than the IRI that is its anchor
[Tue 11:32:40] <NateOtto>	So that's my #1 question this week, and I have 2 other minor ones
[Tue 11:32:43] <voip-cr>	Dave Lehn [SIP/6003-00000127] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:32:46] <NateOtto>	What is the community's feeling on the terms included in the current draft of the Credentials Vocabulary? (too much, too little, just right?)
[Tue 11:32:58] <NateOtto>	And then consequences for the future: Should Open Badges and Credentials vocabularies look toward being merged in the future? If the community desires to move that direction, what legacy elements of badges would meet resistance?
[Tue 11:33:33] <elf-pavlik>	IMO we may need make Open Badges 2.0 using Web Credentials directly but 1.x may need some extra compatibility layer
[Tue 11:33:43] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: first question: my opinoin about cred vocab should be aboslute bare min that enables interoperability
[Tue 11:34:06] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: right now definedachievement and definedachievementassertions, don't think we need to talk about badges in core credential vocab.
[Tue 11:34:20] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: don't think having it in this vocab is helpful. other than that, think everything else is fine
[Tue 11:34:29] <elf-pavlik>	+1
[Tue 11:34:36] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: need to define id credential and its core property
[Tue 11:34:54] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: everything else that's domain specific whether badges or other kinds of credentiails should be pushed out to their own vocab
[Tue 11:35:10] <SunnyLee>	manu: rephrase: fundamentally there should be cred vocab and open badges vocab
[Tue 11:35:12] <Victoriano>	+1 to "own vocab"
[Tue 11:35:29] <NateOtto>	thanks for feedback, dlongley , manu, Victoriano
[Tue 11:35:40] <SunnyLee>	manu: openbadges should be specific to the open badges work. we want to do this because we don't want to slow down open badges work with all other stuff going on with web payments work
[Tue 11:36:01] <SunnyLee>	manu: cred vocab should be super generic and minimal so that open badges work or healthcare credentials data can be built on top of it
[Tue 11:36:07] <elf-pavlik>	q+ re: focusing on Linked Data model first and than applying generic Credential on top of it
[Tue 11:36:09] <SunnyLee>	manu: how best to achieve this from technical perpsecitve
[Tue 11:36:21] <NateOtto>	I do feel that achieving some of the use cases in the use cases doc depends on having defined achievements of some sort in scope. I don't necessarily have strong feelings about where vocabularies are built
[Tue 11:36:29] <SunnyLee>	dlongley and manu feel like there's a way to enable work that doesn't block one another but in the end converges.
[Tue 11:36:37] <SunnyLee>	manu: think we have answers to all these questions.
[Tue 11:37:05] <SunnyLee>	manu: is it hard to move from using one IRI to another? as long as semantics don't change and you're using json-ld, not impossible but you really want to avoid doing this if you can
[Tue 11:37:06] <NateOtto>	cool, thanks, all. Interested in elf-pavlik's thoughts, as he has spent some time looking into the technical implementation
[Tue 11:37:18] <SunnyLee>	manu: you're relying on a json-ld trick from moving IRI to another
[Tue 11:37:28] <gkellogg>	it can be down with owl:equivalentClass/Property as well, but best avoided
[Tue 11:37:32] <SunnyLee>	manu: rule of thumb, always use same IRI if we can do that, if we can't do that we need to sort it out
[Tue 11:37:54] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: if you start generating badges and you designate badge with some IRI, if you change the IRI, the meaning will change and the signature will not work
[Tue 11:38:00] *	elf-pavlik IRC only today...
[Tue 11:38:08] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: ideal situation is that all this stuff will converge and we will be using appropriate IRIs
[Tue 11:38:13] <NateOtto>	manu, it sounds like the badges vocabulary should be built with terms that make sense for badges, and those can serve as the canonical IRIs for those terms.
[Tue 11:38:29] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: there will be some amount of pain if we put out a context with different set of IRIs and shift it over to something new
[Tue 11:39:03] <NateOtto>	Perhaps a converged vocabulary in the future could continue using IRIs in a OBI namespace?
[Tue 11:39:14] <SunnyLee>	manu: personally would rather put someting experimental in credential vocab and it effecitvely unchangeable, since open badges has been successful in using it. would much rather that happen and maybe stuck with term that's not fantastic, than us shiting and using a bunch of different IRIs
[Tue 11:40:33] <elf-pavlik>	q?
[Tue 11:40:44] <SunnyLee>	manu: nate is saying there are some terms we want to use in open badges vocab from cred vocab. Saying we should put something in credential vocab, eg claim, put that it in credential vocab and have that stick around in open badges v1.1, v2, etc, than the Badge alliance create a different claim property and use that for the nextn couple years and when open badges v2 come out use the credential vocab property.
[Tue 11:41:21] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: recall NateOtto mentioned definedachievement. if we push all this out to topen badges, it makes things easier. Then there are minimal potential conflict.
[Tue 11:41:40] *	manu elf-pavlik you're on the queue - can you ask your question now please?
[Tue 11:42:01] <elf-pavlik>	I see benefit with focusing on modeling domain using Linked Data best practices first
[Tue 11:42:19] <elf-pavlik>	so for example BA could model *Achievement*
[Tue 11:42:27] <SunnyLee>	manu: i think we're in general agreement
[Tue 11:42:35] <elf-pavlik>	and then use generic *Credential* as *AchievementCredential*
[Tue 11:42:35] <SunnyLee>	manu: eg badge alliance could model achievement
[Tue 11:42:42] <elf-pavlik>	see also: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Mar/0007.html
[Tue 11:43:02] <SunnyLee>	manu: do not agree with what elf-pavlik is saying, think it's backwards
[Tue 11:43:04] <elf-pavlik>	and https://gist.github.com/elf-pavlik/029917ccc535e889f693/abb0de12f0a31eac4e679a229fb0413d5c5ab20e
[Tue 11:43:13] <SunnyLee>	manu: meaning credential is the base and a badge is a type of credential
[Tue 11:43:46] <manu>	Nevermind, I didn't understand what elf-pavlik was saying.
[Tue 11:43:50] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: think he's saying modeling it the way you have in mind manu
[Tue 11:43:57] <elf-pavlik>	manu please see https://github.com/openbadges/openbadges-specification/issues/32
[Tue 11:44:07] <elf-pavlik>	BadgeAssertion == AchievementCredential
[Tue 11:44:22] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: think the way elf-pavlik has written it out on gist was the way we had thought about designing it
[Tue 11:44:23] <elf-pavlik>	while Badge == Achievement
[Tue 11:44:38] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: we may have multiple types; credentials and achievement might be a way to model it.
[Tue 11:44:46] <Victoriano>	+1 Badge == Achievement BadgeAssertion == AchievementCredential
[Tue 11:44:56] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: you define whatever properties you want and define it inside a claim. You can create an achievement and it can be a type of badge.
[Tue 11:45:17] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: when you use json-ld framing you can merge it all together and use it in an application
[Tue 11:45:21] <elf-pavlik>	we should also always check how things look with Merged Credentials Example
[Tue 11:45:27] <SunnyLee>	manu: need to catch up on the discussion and get caught up
[Tue 11:45:40] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: believe the way elf-pavlik has modeled it matches linked data best practies
[Tue 11:46:10] <SunnyLee>	manu: question: is there a misalignment with what the Badge Alliance is doing with their badge stuff?
[Tue 11:46:24] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: think this can work for them but NateOtto can probably speak to this.
[Tue 11:46:24] <elf-pavlik>	Merged Credentials Example http://tinyurl.com/nu7lrvb
[Tue 11:46:30] <NateOtto>	elf-pavlik is pretty close to what the BA has been doing
[Tue 11:46:47] <SunnyLee>	kerri: a bit out of the loop. Wouldn't mind having a followup call.
[Tue 11:46:52] <elf-pavlik>	NateOtto, let's have small group call later this week!
[Tue 11:47:02] <SunnyLee>	manu: let's do that with elf-pavlik NateOtto kerri, manu dlongley
[Tue 11:47:05] <elf-pavlik>	+1
[Tue 11:47:12] <NateOtto>	inside what would be his `achievement` property (line 18) https://gist.github.com/elf-pavlik/029917ccc535e889f693/abb0de12f0a31eac4e679a229fb0413d5c5ab20e#file-definedachievementassertion-jsonld-L18 , the BA would have a 'recipient' property with information about the recipient identifier that was targeted by the issuer
[Tue 11:47:15] <SunnyLee>	manu: the thing that's throwing us in the loop is that BA is tring to deploy now.
[Tue 11:47:25] <SunnyLee>	manu: don't want to get in the way of that.
[Tue 11:47:28] <NateOtto>	But if the recpient identifier is in fact the id of the claim, it would be duplicative
[Tue 11:47:37] <NateOtto>	so this is pretty close to where we might want to get to with v2
[Tue 11:47:37] <SunnyLee>	kerri: do we want to get it out and appreciate you accommodating BA's needs.
[Tue 11:47:43] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: we don't want to hold up your work in anyway
[Tue 11:47:57] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: this is getting into the technical details that the working group would be getting into
[Tue 11:48:07] <SunnyLee>	kerri: no apologies needed. we really appreciate your work
[Tue 11:48:16] <SunnyLee>	manu: 2 other questions NateOtto had. scrolling back up.
[Tue 11:48:36] <SunnyLee>	manu: what is community's feelings of the terms included in the draft? too much too little?
[Tue 11:48:48] <SunnyLee>	manu: assuming NateOtto means open badges vocab rather than credential vocab.
[Tue 11:48:58] <NateOtto>	I was talking about the credentials vocab draft
[Tue 11:49:07] <NateOtto>	http://specification.openbadges.org/credentials/
[Tue 11:49:38] <gkellogg>	Definitely shouldn’t have name, description, image, issueDate, etc.
[Tue 11:49:38] <NateOtto>	dlongley expressed a desire to pare it back to minimal set, dropping almost all properties besides `claim`
[Tue 11:50:00] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: really credential vocab will only have like claim in it or something closely approaching that. something like claim, owner, recipient. you don't need much else for internoperatbilty, evidence or tag don't go into cred vocab. all this stuff goes into open badges vocab but not cred vocab.
[Tue 11:50:17] <SunnyLee>	manu: other thing is should open badges and cred vocabs merge in the future?
[Tue 11:50:17] <NateOtto>	gkellogg, do you know of a preferred IRI for the issueDate term?
[Tue 11:51:00] <SunnyLee>	manu: believe current working thought is these are 2 different vocabs: cred is very minimal and only there to allow interoperabilty, open badges is much more specific to cater towards needs of the open badges community.
[Tue 11:51:12] <SunnyLee>	manu: don't think they should be merged but they should certainly complement each other
[Tue 11:51:24] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: what we want is that open badges badges are generic credentials
[Tue 11:51:30] <gkellogg>	NateOtto, I’ll need to look, but I think something related to a schema:Event, or from more specific vocabulary might povide the same semantic meaning.
[Tue 11:51:32] <NateOtto>	Badges vocab/spec attempting to cater to needs of any community or group that makes use of defined achievements
[Tue 11:51:53] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: generic cred vocab tells you how to define a claim. and open badges spec layers on top of it and goes into deeper property details.
[Tue 11:51:56] <gkellogg>	Perhaps schema:startDate?
[Tue 11:52:23] <NateOtto>	gkellogg, please post to mailing list in the next week if you can find something that you like. We're going to make a decision, and right now that's a term that is looking like it's in the badges vocab draft
[Tue 11:52:33] <elf-pavlik>	let's schedule after the call small vocab meeting later this week? awesome if gkellogg could join as well!
[Tue 11:52:42] <gkellogg>	Sure, also dc:dateAccepted.
[Tue 11:53:05] <SunnyLee>	manu: NateOtto is effetively saying that what elf-pavlik is proposing is what we want to do with version 2
[Tue 11:53:29] <SunnyLee>	dlongley: if we can sync up timeline of this working group with open badges version 2, then a lot of these problems can be resolved together.
[Tue 11:53:49] <NateOtto>	Hmm, interesting re: dc:dateAccepted & schema:startDate -- I'll look at them, feel that neither really captures the issuance of a credential meaning.
[Tue 11:53:55] <SunnyLee>	manu: first off should be called open badges vocab not credential vocab.
[Tue 11:54:08] <gkellogg>	+1, in the context, but not in the RDFS vocabulary definition
[Tue 11:54:39] <NateOtto>	I'm going to have to listen to audio of the call if possible to sort out this section. ;) sorry, I'm a bit lost.
[Tue 11:54:54] <SunnyLee>	manu: looking at sournce. NateOtto did the right thing. schema.org/name, restating what schema.org states
[Tue 11:54:58] *	elf-pavlik same here NateOtto
[Tue 11:55:15] <gkellogg>	q+
[Tue 11:55:40] <Mark>	Great scribing Sunny, thanks!  Hi Manu, It was my understanding that the Roadmap would morph, with portions moving into the Executive Overview, the diagram moving into Use Cases and remainder (mostly schedule/timeline, issues, etc.) remaining - a part of which will it seems be duplicated in a charter?     Is that the plan? Thanks, Mark
[Tue 11:56:54] <SunnyLee>	gkellogg: this doc appears to be all the terms defined in the credentiails vocab, so the fact that name is something contextual, gets lost. we need to keep separate, from modeling perspective. we want to describe the properties that make sense in this context
[Tue 11:57:11] <dlongley>	+1 to gkellogg
[Tue 11:57:11] <SunnyLee>	gkellogg: keep separation of terms and think about what is part of the formal vocab.
[Tue 11:58:00] <SunnyLee>	manu: 2 things: 1 what's the formal vocab (minimal set of things that create interoperability), 2, documentaiton of the terms. we need to put out documents that talk about how badges or credentials are put together. open question is should we give examples in the vocab doc or should this be seprate
[Tue 11:58:39] <SunnyLee>	gkellogg: in csv group, we have metadat terms but doesn't also try to be formal vocab definition but rather references vocab definitoin. alll the terms and the way it's used is in one doc but context and vocab doc just tries to do that.
[Tue 11:58:53] <manu>	Topic: Roadmap
[Tue 11:58:59] <SunnyLee>	Mark: where is the roadmap going?
[Tue 11:59:42] <SunnyLee>	manu: Mark believe this is the plan. roadmap doc will disappear. since content is being split up among charter, executive summary etc.
[Tue 11:59:52] <Mark>	Hi Manu, It was my understanding that the Roadmap would morph, with portions moving into the Executive Overview, the diagram moving into Use Cases and remainder (mostly schedule/timeline, issues, etc.) remaining - a part of which will it seems be duplicated in a charter?     Is that the plan? Thanks, Mark
[Tue 12:00:17] <Mark>	Sorry I cannot connect.
[Tue 12:00:17] <SunnyLee>	manu: we need a roadmap to lay out a plan for the next 2 - 3 years. but wonder if that will end up reconstitute a lot of the content we already have.
[Tue 12:00:34] <Mark>	Not a good idea imo.
[Tue 12:00:36] <SunnyLee>	manu: does anyone feel like the roadmap is a vital document? can we put it to the backburner?
[Tue 12:00:43] <Mark>	Yes
[Tue 12:01:08] <SunnyLee>	gkellogg: feels like it's useful for a transitory document. ultimately this will turn into some specification.
[Tue 12:02:14] <SunnyLee>	gkellogg: point of roadmap is to help resolve direction of where we're intending to go. this eventually gets translated into specification text. Helps to focus disucssion but with an eye towards obscoleting it.
[Tue 12:02:36] <SunnyLee>	manu: let's wait to hear about Mark's argument on why we should keep roadmap doc.
[Tue 12:03:03] <SunnyLee>	manu: bsletten roadmap docs are not often used in w3c, effectively the charter for the group. once you have the charter then you retire it.
[Tue 12:03:25] <Mark>	Manu
[Tue 12:03:30] <NateOtto>	I appreciate Mark's work on pushing these documents forward. :)
[Tue 12:03:41] <SunnyLee>	manu: roadmap helps people rally around the direction you're headed in. this is the direction we're headed in, these are the groups we're onboarding, this is what we need to do, etc.
[Tue 12:03:48] <Mark>	I don't think we should keep it, but reform it to meet Greg's vision.
[Tue 12:04:01] <dlongley>	in short, roadmap is very important for developing the charter
[Tue 12:04:14] <NateOtto>	(I like the combo or exec summary + charter, sounds like gkellogg has a good idea for how things fit together.)
[Tue 12:04:40] <Mark>	Gotta go!
[Tue 12:04:45] *	Mark has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 12:05:09] <SunnyLee>	manu: will ping us about use case stuff
[Tue 12:05:09] <SunnyLee>	Present: Brian, Manu, Gregg, Amit, Sunny, Hassan, Lehn, Longley, Elf, Laura, Kerri, Victoriano, Eric, Nate, Mark
