[2018-09-18T15:55:50.965Z]	<rgrant>	voip-ccg: 0cd is rgrant
[2018-09-18T15:56:01.991Z]	<rgrant>	voip-ccg: connections
[2018-09-18T16:00:32.815Z]	<mike-lodder>	present+
[2018-09-18T16:00:42.687Z]	<ChristopherA>	voip 0d3 is Christopher Allen
[2018-09-18T16:01:12.244Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present +
[2018-09-18T16:01:26.162Z]	<achughes>	present+ Andrew Hughes
[2018-09-18T16:01:45.817Z]	<heathervescent>	present+ Heather Vescent
[2018-09-18T16:01:57.563Z]	<burn>	present+ Dan_Burnett
[2018-09-18T16:02:26.018Z]	<ChristopherA>	voip: 0d3 is Christopher Allen
[2018-09-18T16:02:43.951Z]	<lparker>	present+
[2018-09-18T16:02:55.524Z]	<kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018Sep/0003.html
[2018-09-18T16:02:56.722Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+ Christopher Allen
[2018-09-18T16:03:31.182Z]	<achughes>	Hi - is audio working? or is it my config?
[2018-09-18T16:03:41.288Z]	<mike-lodder>	I can scribe today
[2018-09-18T16:03:55.303Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	@achughes I'm hearing the audio fine
[2018-09-18T16:04:03.125Z]	<cwebber2>	present+ Chris_Webber
[2018-09-18T16:04:04.053Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Thanks, Mike!
[2018-09-18T16:04:14.315Z]	<kimhd>	Scribe: Mike Lodder
[2018-09-18T16:04:15.094Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2018-09-18T16:05:09.758Z]	<mike-lodder>	please put present+ then your name everyone
[2018-09-18T16:05:33.743Z]	<drummond>	voip: connections?
[2018-09-18T16:05:36.270Z]	<drabiv>	voip: 0e8 is drabiv
[2018-09-18T16:05:55.012Z]	<drummond>	voip: 0e7 is drummond
[2018-09-18T16:06:03.750Z]	<drabiv>	voip: 0e9 is drabiv
[2018-09-18T16:06:15.991Z]	<drabiv>	present+ Bohdan Andriyiv
[2018-09-18T16:07:28.204Z]	<mike-lodder>	drummond: I am the Chief Trust Officer at Evernym working on Trust Frameworks
[2018-09-18T16:07:47.816Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: will not be attending RWoT due to a conflict
[2018-09-18T16:07:49.691Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Introductions & Reintroductions
[2018-09-18T16:07:59.595Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Announcements & Reminders
[2018-09-18T16:08:00.523Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot7
[2018-09-18T16:08:03.388Z]	<ottonomy>	present+ Nate Otto
[2018-09-18T16:08:05.524Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2018-09-18T16:08:13.002Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2018-09-18T16:08:13.577Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-09-18T16:08:35.924Z]	<kimhd>	Scribe training: https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/#learn-to-scribe-and-publish-minutes-september-21-2018-12-1pm-pdt
[2018-09-18T16:09:07.427Z]	<mike-lodder>	kimhd: first half focusing on scribing, second half focused on publishing minutes
[2018-09-18T16:09:24.287Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-09-18T16:09:44.337Z]	<burn>	q+ to ask question about RWoT registration
[2018-09-18T16:09:48.623Z]	<kimhd>	RWOT EventBrite: http://rwot7.eventbrite.com
[2018-09-18T16:09:51.194Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: over 20 advanced readings and topics
[2018-09-18T16:10:57.052Z]	<kimhd>	voip: connections?
[2018-09-18T16:11:13.517Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2017/tree/master/topics-and-advance-readings
[2018-09-18T16:11:18.666Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: Please read these papers before the event but it is not mandatory
[2018-09-18T16:11:41.844Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-09-18T16:11:43.216Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Also great reads for many of us involved in this work, even if you can't make the event.
[2018-09-18T16:11:58.405Z]	<kimhd>	ack burn
[2018-09-18T16:12:31.449Z]	<mike-lodder>	burn: is the paper deadline extended
[2018-09-18T16:12:44.557Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: submit a paper and get the discount
[2018-09-18T16:12:45.665Z]	<heathervescent>	But please register ASAP or LMK if you have any dietary requirements, please.
[2018-09-18T16:13:30.171Z]	<kimhd>	lodging / other RWOT questions: rwot-leadership@googlegroups.com
[2018-09-18T16:14:04.105Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: there are student scholarships available for attending RWoT
[2018-09-18T16:14:19.291Z]	<kimhd>	TPAC: https://www.w3.org/2018/10/TPAC/
[2018-09-18T16:14:22.256Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	that's the correct email rwot-leadership@googlegroups.com
[2018-09-18T16:14:29.450Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-09-18T16:14:30.084Z]	<kimhd>	IIW: http://iiw.idcommons.net
[2018-09-18T16:14:35.483Z]	<mike-lodder>	kimhd: TPAC is where DID will be evangelized
[2018-09-18T16:14:38.093Z]	<achughes>	voip: 0ed is achughes
[2018-09-18T16:14:52.029Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: IIW is happening at the same time
[2018-09-18T16:14:55.467Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-09-18T16:14:57.607Z]	<identitywoman_>	q+
[2018-09-18T16:15:07.703Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ identitywoman
[2018-09-18T16:15:20.084Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	lol. I tried to add you, Kaliya.
[2018-09-18T16:16:08.445Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q-
[2018-09-18T16:16:10.046Z]	<kimhd>	ack identitywoman
[2018-09-18T16:16:20.271Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: bigbluehat is 00ee
[2018-09-18T16:16:23.443Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2018-09-18T16:16:34.136Z]	<mike-lodder>	identitywoman: TPAC is almost full
[2018-09-18T16:16:35.797Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-09-18T16:16:41.267Z]	<kimhd>	ack drummond
[2018-09-18T16:16:46.823Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: 00ee is bigbluehat
[2018-09-18T16:16:52.503Z]	<mike-lodder>	drummond: Do we have a hard limit?
[2018-09-18T16:17:11.183Z]	<mike-lodder>	identitywoman: registration closing at 300
[2018-09-18T16:17:11.723Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Progress on Current Action Items
[2018-09-18T16:17:28.257Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item%22
[2018-09-18T16:17:50.969Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item%22
[2018-09-18T16:18:03.522Z]	<mike-lodder>	who is speaking?
[2018-09-18T16:18:06.313Z]	<kimhd>	here: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/2
[2018-09-18T16:18:11.034Z]	<mike-lodder>	thanks
[2018-09-18T16:18:11.067Z]	<kimhd>	achughes
[2018-09-18T16:18:21.183Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/3
[2018-09-18T16:18:22.225Z]	<mike-lodder>	achughes: I haven't made any progress yet on that
[2018-09-18T16:18:53.106Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: issue #2
[2018-09-18T16:18:54.231Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/4
[2018-09-18T16:18:56.036Z]	<ottonomy>	https://epic.openrecognition.org/ is in Paris Oct 24-26 just after TPAC if anybody wants to come by on the way back for some fun use case exploration around preserving any individual/entities ability to participate fully in recognition (often, credentialing). Low cost conference too!
[2018-09-18T16:18:58.674Z]	<achughes>	The unedited screengrab is here: https://youtu.be/vcL3ffgGEJM
[2018-09-18T16:19:06.643Z]	<achughes>	15 views so far
[2018-09-18T16:19:13.346Z]	<mike-lodder>	kimhd: can't work on issue #3 since manu is not in attendance today
[2018-09-18T16:20:13.289Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to talk about minimum disclosure
[2018-09-18T16:20:13.330Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Status of work items
[2018-09-18T16:20:13.843Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2018-09-18T16:20:15.216Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: or #4
[2018-09-18T16:20:32.648Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-09-18T16:20:49.416Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: Lionel is close to publishing minimal disclosure paper
[2018-09-18T16:21:03.271Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: what do we need to do formally to publish this as a report?
[2018-09-18T16:21:29.996Z]	<kimhd>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LeC0YNVMcAy_2MWrlKLw8i2WSxEaUEvUMxz8UdYC87U/edit#heading=h.ufzbq0sl8ef6
[2018-09-18T16:22:26.163Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2018-09-18T16:22:43.431Z]	<kimhd>	https://goo.gl/ZeyJUS
[2018-09-18T16:23:04.770Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-09-18T16:23:32.057Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-09-18T16:23:53.817Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: Lionel's paper will help us finalize the process for publishing reports
[2018-09-18T16:24:13.002Z]	<kimhd>	draft: https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-spec/
[2018-09-18T16:24:19.722Z]	<kimhd>	issues: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues
[2018-09-18T16:25:25.134Z]	<mike-lodder>	drummond: No alarm about the spec falling apart
[2018-09-18T16:25:53.365Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: Lots of companies rallying around it
[2018-09-18T16:26:18.193Z]	<identitywoman_>	+q - later on in the discussion - I want to comment on naming overall.  Based on conversations the last month on the road.
[2018-09-18T16:26:38.541Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: there are a few issues that need to be closed
[2018-09-18T16:26:39.791Z]	<kimhd>	q+ identitywoman
[2018-09-18T16:27:25.711Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: the term owner will be replaced
[2018-09-18T16:27:33.469Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to talk about "identity owner" v "identifier controller"
[2018-09-18T16:27:56.383Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	(btw, the term replacement is an active discussion, not yet a conclusion)
[2018-09-18T16:29:10.308Z]	<rgrant>	DID query ticket: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/85
[2018-09-18T16:29:59.585Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: I was at DID discussion and it was discussed about keys and how they are used, what we need is what are the recommended key types
[2018-09-18T16:30:47.428Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: Establish best practices at RWoT
[2018-09-18T16:32:16.152Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: what keys are most actively used and interoperable
[2018-09-18T16:34:20.761Z]	<mike-lodder>	q+
[2018-09-18T16:34:56.746Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-09-18T16:35:35.030Z]	<kimhd>	ack identitywoman
[2018-09-18T16:36:16.967Z]	<mike-lodder>	identitywoman: the language of Self Sovreign Identity is a real barrier to entry
[2018-09-18T16:36:38.190Z]	<heathervescent>	+1 I've heard this too from governments in Seattle.
[2018-09-18T16:37:06.764Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: governments hung up on misunderstanding about issuing credentials
[2018-09-18T16:37:09.772Z]	<rgrant>	q+ do they want us to just go away??
[2018-09-18T16:37:31.037Z]	<heathervescent>	@rgrant - not, but it has to be framed in a certain way.
[2018-09-18T16:37:39.230Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-09-18T16:37:53.622Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/101 https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/102
[2018-09-18T16:38:53.007Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-09-18T16:39:16.385Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: owner is controlled by the courts
[2018-09-18T16:39:29.549Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: controller is functional
[2018-09-18T16:40:22.895Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: I'd like to avoid the idea of owner
[2018-09-18T16:40:46.356Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: I've run into this problem also
[2018-09-18T16:41:26.845Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: its been problematic so I hope we can switch to something functional vs property based
[2018-09-18T16:42:15.409Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: Taiwan loves the idea of Self Soveriegn Identity
[2018-09-18T16:42:39.862Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: Taiwan and China in battle to remain recognized
[2018-09-18T16:42:40.422Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-09-18T16:45:24.057Z]	<kimhd>	mike-lodder: on the issue of keys
[2018-09-18T16:45:38.742Z]	<kimhd>	...working on a library that's meant to be open and allow interop
[2018-09-18T16:45:53.690Z]	<kimhd>	...fair amount of interest, supports 2 most popular key type
[2018-09-18T16:46:03.348Z]	<kimhd>	...would like to work with folks to add others
[2018-09-18T16:46:13.407Z]	<kimhd>	...will spearhead discussion at RWOT
[2018-09-18T16:46:24.549Z]	<mike-lodder>	https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/crypto-lib
[2018-09-18T16:46:29.550Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-09-18T16:46:32.182Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-09-18T16:46:34.775Z]	<rgrant>	My soapbox speech can wait.
[2018-09-18T16:46:37.015Z]	<kimhd>	ack rgrant
[2018-09-18T16:47:07.185Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-09-18T16:47:07.302Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-09-18T16:47:19.371Z]	<kimhd>	ack mike-lodder
[2018-09-18T16:47:21.662Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-09-18T16:49:17.308Z]	<mike-lodder>	q+
[2018-09-18T16:51:13.632Z]	<kimhd>	mike-lodder: point was also to support interop
[2018-09-18T16:51:22.270Z]	<kimhd>	...need that if DIDs are going to take off
[2018-09-18T16:51:31.568Z]	<identitywoman_>	yep - we gotta make them talk to each other.
[2018-09-18T16:51:38.184Z]	<kimhd>	...supports high security mode as well as portable mode
[2018-09-18T16:51:42.452Z]	<kimhd>	...should work anywhere
[2018-09-18T16:52:17.752Z]	<kimhd>	...goal is to allow interop btw various DID offerings. Use case may vary, e.g. credentials, etc, and those should be accounted for
[2018-09-18T16:52:21.656Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-09-18T16:52:35.422Z]	<kimhd>	ack mike-lodder
[2018-09-18T16:52:55.032Z]	<mike-lodder>	I added myself to state the interoperability
[2018-09-18T16:53:29.128Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-09-18T16:53:35.914Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: JSON-LD support is causing more of a problem than the cryptography primitives
[2018-09-18T16:53:59.906Z]	<mike-lodder>	kimhd: Drummond anything else to discuss on service endpoints
[2018-09-18T16:54:57.490Z]	<mike-lodder>	Drummond: mike-lodder submitted a PR to address this, needs review
[2018-09-18T16:55:06.923Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: and feedback
[2018-09-18T16:56:25.501Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: need to address Sam Smiths two issues related to service endpoints
[2018-09-18T16:56:45.658Z]	<mike-lodder>	...: Daniel Hardman is pressing for clarity for IDs in DID documents
[2018-09-18T16:57:35.756Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues
[2018-09-18T16:59:08.093Z]	<burn>	kim, I am now available to help with DID-related work.  Let me know where I can help.
[2018-09-18T16:59:24.505Z]	<mike-lodder>	kimhd: next week's meeting will be canceled
[2018-09-18T16:59:25.506Z]	<heathervescent>	Thanks all, Kim.
[2018-09-18T16:59:44.613Z]	<kimhd>	thanks @burn!
[2018-09-18T16:59:53.099Z] present+ agropper, cwebber, dcc, chrisb,  drummond, agropper, heather, dmitriz, jarlath, Yancy, Orgel, cycryptr
