[Tue 12:03:28] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Jul/0028.html
[Tue 12:07:37] <manu>	Topic: Re-Introductions
[Tue 12:07:37] <manu>	scribe: nage
[Tue 12:07:53] <squarfed>	voip: 28a is squarfed
[Tue 12:07:53] <voip-vctf>	Associated squarfed with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000028a.
[Tue 12:08:03] <voip-vctf>	12066188530 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000028c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:08:07] <voip-vctf>	12072820339 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000028d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:08:20] <nage>	webber: I work on social web stuff, and am absentmindedly participating and lurking in the background to hear what is going on
[Tue 12:08:21] *	manu I blame the 1980s PBX gnomes... lots of 'em in that old copper :)
[Tue 12:08:26] <nage>	ChristopherA: thank you and welcome
[Tue 12:08:44] <nage>	... is there any longer term member that would like to reintroduce themselves to the Credentials community
[Tue 12:08:59] *	agropper (~agropper@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:09:05] <nage>	dlongley: I am the CTO of Digital Bazaar, we create products related to Web Payments, Verifiable Claims, and Blockchain - we co-founded this group and a number of others at W3C. We build our solutions on open standards and devote a lot of time to initiatives such as this one.
[Tue 12:09:13] *	manu no clicking now, Drummond.
[Tue 12:09:18] <nage>	Topic: Action Items
[Tue 12:09:18] <nage>	ChristopherA: On work items, our oldest work item is the naming options
[Tue 12:09:22] <ChristopherA>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Jul/0026.html
[Tue 12:09:31] <nage>	... we've decided at this point to pursue this proposal in this email
[Tue 12:09:45] <nage>	... which is to leave the name alone for now, but we haven't called that final in case there are any objections
[Tue 12:09:54] <nage>	... none have been raised on the list, we have until next meeting to do so
[Tue 12:10:10] <nage>	... the plan is to keep the name the same and change the charter to address the things we wish to address
[Tue 12:10:23] <nage>	... the revision of the mission statement will begin in August
[Tue 12:10:37] <nage>	... There will be a proposal about how to work with the Digital Verification group
[Tue 12:10:44] <nage>	... are there any action items we have missed?
[Tue 12:10:55] <nage>	... nothing being raised in queue
[Tue 12:11:10] <manu>	Topic: DID Specification Work Item
[Tue 12:11:11] <nage>	ChristopherA: the next discussion is to officially take on the DID as a work item
[Tue 12:11:21] <nage>	... we have many champions implementing it, and no objections so far
[Tue 12:11:23] <manu>	https://opencreds.github.io/did-spec/
[Tue 12:11:26] <rgrant>	+1
[Tue 12:11:43] <nage>	... question for manu, can we do this with "+1" here? or do we need to do it on the list?
[Tue 12:11:50] <nage>	... or do the chairs just say yes?
[Tue 12:12:14] <nage>	manu: Typically W3C process is to seek consensus and chairs only step in if that cannot be achieved
[Tue 12:12:29] <dlongley>	manu: Typically w3c process is to try to achieve consensus and let that drive it, only when it's difficult to find consensus do the chairs step in. I would suggest that we do a quick call for consensus on the call today and see how many people we have supporting it. After we do that, notify the mailing list that there's a week to object to taking the DID spec as a work item.
[Tue 12:12:31] *	Mersky has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:12:44] <nage>	... lets do a quick +1 on the call, and then notify the mailing list that there is a week to object.  If there are no objections, then we'll proceed.
[Tue 12:13:15] <Drummond>	Who makes the proposal?
[Tue 12:13:16] <nage>	manu: so lets see how much support there is here, and notify immediately to the mailing list
[Tue 12:13:18] <dlongley>	manu: If there are no objections after a week we just pull it in and start working on it. That's the typical way to address addition of new work, it results in the hardest thing to undo after you work on it. I think we should propose to work on it in the CG right now and then make an announcement immediately after the call on the mailing list notifying about objections for a week.
[Tue 12:13:22] <dlongley>	manu: That's the typical process.
[Tue 12:13:41] <manu>	PROPOSAL: Accept the DID Specification as a Credentials CG work item.
[Tue 12:13:41] <nage>	ChristopherA: the proposal is to accept the DID data specification that has been drafted by Drummond, Manu and many others as a work item
[Tue 12:13:49] <nage>	... please +1 or -1 that here
[Tue 12:13:44] <manu>	+1
[Tue 12:13:47] <Drummond>	+1
[Tue 12:13:48] *	dlongley a chair typically does
[Tue 12:13:48] <JoeAndrieu>	+1 for DID as a work item
[Tue 12:13:49] <ChristopherA>	+1
[Tue 12:13:49] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 12:13:50] <nage>	+1
[Tue 12:13:53] <cwebber2>	+1
[Tue 12:13:59] <agropper>	+1
[Tue 12:14:01] <Moses>	+1
[Tue 12:14:02] <squarfed>	+1
[Tue 12:14:12] <rgrant>	+1
[Tue 12:14:24] <nage>	ChristopherA: we have 9 votes in favor and no objections
[Tue 12:14:33] <nage>	... I will post an email to the list right after the call
[Tue 12:14:41] <nage>	... Moving on to our main topic of a deep dive
[Tue 12:14:37] <manu>	RESOLVED: Accept the DID Specification as a Credentials CG work item.
[Tue 12:14:43] *	stonematt (~stonematt@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:14:51] <manu>	Topic: Lifecycle Deep Dive
[Tue 12:15:02] <nage>	... We discovered that multiple participants have interest in the life cycle of a VC
[Tue 12:15:11] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000028e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:15:13] <nage>	... but different approaches to how to look at that, that may be very compatible
[Tue 12:15:44] <nage>	... each will take a 10 minutes to describe how they approach it, then some time for them to comment on similarities, and then open things up to a group discussion
[Tue 12:15:55] <JoeAndrieu>	My presentation: http://legreq.com/files/WoT.VC.EngagementModel.pdf Joram 1.0.0: http://bit.ly/joram100 Chris's WoT Scenario: https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-fall2017/blob/master/topics-and-advance-readings/RWOT-User-Story.md
[Tue 12:16:09] <nage>	JoeAndrieu: Here are some links, one for the presentation then the Joram paper, then Chris' work to frame the use case
[Tue 12:16:41] <nage>	... my work item was to propose doing a identity life cycle and engagement model with VCs
[Tue 12:17:21] <nage>	... the Joram 1.0.0 paper came from the Syrian refugee crisis research
[Tue 12:17:34] <nage>	... the idea is to capture the human requirements on both sides of a complex technical systme
[Tue 12:18:03] <nage>	... for Joram we assume there is a magical distributed data store and that Joram can accrete an identity through that system, but try not to get bogged down in the specifics of how that works
[Tue 12:18:13] <nage>	... we added some devops stages, I'll get to this in a second
[Tue 12:18:28] <nage>	... it covers all the stages of user engagement with the system
[Tue 12:18:47] <nage>	... the idea is to keep it slim and easy to read, as a sympathetic narrative so that you can get into the minds of the users
[Tue 12:19:09] <nage>	... and understand why they are doing what they are doing and get a gut-check of the viability of the system (would they really do this?)
[Tue 12:19:20] <nage>	... the fourth slide is all 15 stages all together
[Tue 12:19:32] <nage>	... in slide 5 the two paragraphs that comprise stage 7
[Tue 12:19:39] <nage>	... show the level of detail involved.
[Tue 12:20:30] <nage>	... (see content)
[Tue 12:20:46] <nage>	... this gives you a sense of what people need to do to accomplish their jobs
[Tue 12:20:55] <nage>	... on slide 6, the top half of the stages
[Tue 12:21:02] <nage>	... describes how things unfold
[Tue 12:21:40] <nage>	... <continues to outline stages in the joram-engagement-model.pdf file>
[Tue 12:21:57] *	dlongley nage -- sorry for scribing over you earlier when manu was talking, did it out of habit :)
[Tue 12:21:59] <nage>	... Identity information is acquired through stage 6, disclosure
[Tue 12:22:18] *	nage appreciates any help he can get, especially with these technical descriptions
[Tue 12:22:41] <nage>	... stage 9, updates, covers expected changes to the record through some sort of interface or app
[Tue 12:22:57] <nage>	... in step 10 things are going wrong in an unexpected way (you might have to hand-write some sort of edit to the DB)
[Tue 12:23:21] <nage>	... step 11-13 are devops stages
[Tue 12:23:37] <nage>	... transferring one schema to another are covered.
[Tue 12:23:50] <nage>	... finally how to deal with lost credentials, which might be the hardest problem in this type of use case
[Tue 12:23:52] <manu>	q+ to ask if we're going to map all 15 steps to applicable specifications... we need to bridge this stuff at some point.
[Tue 12:23:52] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: cwebber2, manu
[Tue 12:23:52] <rgrant>	Q: is the center of this slide a state of rest?  Is there a name for it?
[Tue 12:23:58] <manu>	ack cwebber2 
[Tue 12:23:58] <voip-vctf>	cwebber2 has the floor.
[Tue 12:24:13] <nage>	... after that exit and re-engagement
[Tue 12:24:14] *	manu cwebber2 I think that was from before? Lemme know if I just accidentally removed you from the queue.
[Tue 12:25:02] <nage>	... slide 8 is a link to ChristopherA's work, a write up of a "web of trust" use case involving first and second generation emmigrant trying to establish a reputation that doesn't compromise personal safety or current workplace location
[Tue 12:25:19] *	cwebber2 manu yeah that was from before
[Tue 12:25:20] <nage>	... that wraps up the introduction to this model
[Tue 12:25:34] <Drummond>	Great stuff, Joe
[Tue 12:25:35] <DavidC>	https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2qPJBxhjfdqYmJGaE5HODFLZ3ROUFAxQ05yOG9uRTBaaDlr/view
[Tue 12:25:40] <Moses>	how do I get on the queue?
[Tue 12:25:41] <nage>	ChristopherA: we will go to questions in a couple of minutes, next up DavidC
[Tue 12:25:46] *	dlongley moses type: q+
[Tue 12:25:57] <nage>	DavidC: I've put up a link to the doc I have published.  There is some overlap, but JoeAndrieu'
[Tue 12:26:04] <nage>	... 's approach is a bit different
[Tue 12:26:10] <nage>	... I've started from a new born baby
[Tue 12:26:32] <nage>	... when someone is born there isn't any information about them yet, and it has to be created by who we call "issuers" in the VC model
[Tue 12:26:38] <manu>	q+ moses
[Tue 12:26:38] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, moses
[Tue 12:26:43] <nage>	... Issuers create and store information about individuals
[Tue 12:26:59] <nage>	... it is naturally distributed because there are hundereds of entities issuing this information
[Tue 12:27:05] <nage>	... and it gets stale, and needs to be updated
[Tue 12:27:24] <nage>	... when it is stale they may delete it, the person may come back and ask to have it updated, and there is an issue here in the world today
[Tue 12:27:25] <Moses>	q+
[Tue 12:27:26] <voip-vctf>	Moses has been added to the queue: manu, moses, Moses
[Tue 12:27:37] <nage>	... insofar that there is a very weak binding between the person and the information that is held about them
[Tue 12:27:57] <nage>	... so it sometimes only requires as little information as your address to pose as someone else and get that information changed
[Tue 12:28:02] <manu>	q- moses
[Tue 12:28:03] <voip-vctf>	moses has been removed from the queue: manu, Moses
[Tue 12:28:18] <nage>	... one hope is that VCs create a stronger binding that will prevent someone from claiming to be you and using that to steal your information
[Tue 12:28:40] <nage>	... take a look at page 2 and that the information is about you but you're not necessarily creating it or owning
[Tue 12:28:40] <rgrant>	q+ do we have a way to search for disputes (by the subject of the claim) when issuers create a VC?
[Tue 12:28:40] <voip-vctf>	rgrant has been added to the queue: manu, Moses, rgrant
[Tue 12:28:43] <nage>	... that information
[Tue 12:28:54] <nage>	... we do want you to be able to control who can see it
[Tue 12:29:15] <nage>	... The holder is moving to the center of the ecosystem, and controlling access even when they are not the issuer
[Tue 12:29:34] <nage>	... You can create your own information and issue information about yourself (favorite food or color)
[Tue 12:29:49] <nage>	... However we are most interested in claims created by others
[Tue 12:30:01] <nage>	... this information will always be created or held in some form by the Issuer
[Tue 12:30:12] <nage>	... then this information will need to be updated
[Tue 12:30:32] <nage>	... there is no fool-proof link that binds the person to the information, but we'd like to make that much stronger
[Tue 12:30:54] <nage>	... There are three cases here we might want to consider
[Tue 12:31:18] <nage>	... starting fresh with a new identity, come with the identity from the country of origin, or masquerade as another person
[Tue 12:31:42] <nage>	... this is not the core of what we're looking at, but this model could apply to what JoeAndrieu discussed
[Tue 12:31:57] <nage>	DavidC: The figure here was published by the group 6 mo or a year ago
[Tue 12:32:02] <nage>	... we are on page 5
[Tue 12:32:04] *	dlongley page 5
[Tue 12:32:23] <nage>	... this shows the Holder as the center of the ecosystem and how they hold them and present them where they wish
[Tue 12:32:45] <nage>	... there could be use cases where someone other than the subject holds and presents, but I think that is an unusual case, not the normal case
[Tue 12:33:06] <nage>	... there are 9 steps outlined here as the life-cycle of a Verifiable Credential
[Tue 12:33:19] <nage>	... Finally I look at the trust model, which is very important.
[Tue 12:33:23] <manu>	q+ to say "Verifiable Claims Architecture / Lifecycle" is a document we need.
[Tue 12:33:23] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, Moses, rgrant, manu
[Tue 12:33:24] <nage>	... without this we can't say much about these
[Tue 12:33:38] <nage>	... a R.P. needs to be able to know what to trust and how to use the data
[Tue 12:33:54] <nage>	... <see bullet points>
[Tue 12:34:23] <nage>	... The issuer and inspectors do not need to trust the repository, which is a critical difference between this and federated identity management
[Tue 12:34:41] <nage>	... we might want the user to trust the repository to not lose information and not corrupt data
[Tue 12:34:42] <Drummond>	Indeed, that's a big difference
[Tue 12:34:58] <nage>	... so the question now is how to relate this document to JoeAndrieu's
[Tue 12:35:08] <rgrant>	q+ asking for a repeat on why inspector does not need to "trust" issuer.
[Tue 12:35:08] <voip-vctf>	rgrant has been added to the queue: manu, Moses, rgrant, manu, rgrant
[Tue 12:35:16] <nage>	... in his he is interacting with Stewards and the user just has a bracelet identifying him to those Stewards
[Tue 12:35:19] *	dlongley i didn't
[Tue 12:35:24] <rgrant>	okay here
[Tue 12:35:25] *	dlongley i could still hear him
[Tue 12:35:47] <ChristopherA>	I'm calling back.
[Tue 12:35:48] <JoeAndrieu>	Chris did we lose you? We could hear David
[Tue 12:35:55] <nage>	... perhaps it is good to see what questions we have now about similarities and differences
[Tue 12:35:59] <voip-vctf>	15109081066 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000028f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:36:14] <nage>	ChristopherA: I'm back, did DavidC finish
[Tue 12:36:22] <nage>	manu: yes, we can start processing the queue at this point
[Tue 12:36:23] <manu>	voip: 28f is ChristopherA
[Tue 12:36:23] <voip-vctf>	Associated ChristopherA with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000028f.
[Tue 12:36:40] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:36:40] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, Moses, rgrant, manu, rgrant
[Tue 12:36:42] <nage>	ChristopherA: JoeAndrieu, first would you like to comment briefly, and then a turn for DavidC before we go to the queue
[Tue 12:37:22] <nage>	JoeAndrieu: One interesting thing (I like the work here on fleshing out the whole picture), the data model is really focused on a single individual, but doesn't discuss merrits or things like a trust model
[Tue 12:37:30] <nage>	... that isn't in scope for my document
[Tue 12:37:37] <nage>	... it is just one thread through the experience
[Tue 12:37:59] <nage>	... It didn't start out as intentional, but the information life-cycle is not about identity but focuses on information flows instead
[Tue 12:38:10] <nage>	... where that information "acretes an identity"
[Tue 12:38:42] <nage>	DavidC: I saw the main difference was that JoeAndrieu's model has the stewards doing the interaction with the data store, and the refugee is a passive entity
[Tue 12:38:43] *	dlongley nage ... David said that that the issuer doesn't need to trust the inspector (not the other way around ... because it is certainly true that the inspector must trust the issuer)
[Tue 12:38:48] <nage>	... but wasn't the main actor
[Tue 12:38:58] *	nage wishes to accept that fix
[Tue 12:39:11] *	nage missed that last bit
[Tue 12:39:29] <voip-vctf>	14155681068 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000290] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:39:30] *	nage asks DavidC to summarize that last statement for the notes
[Tue 12:39:54] <nage>	ChristopherA: the web-of-trust use case has a lot more "agency" items addressed, so that may help
[Tue 12:40:05] <nage>	manu: there are two points I'd like to make
[Tue 12:40:18] <nage>	... I'm trying to figure out where all of this good work goes from a document perspective
[Tue 12:40:34] <nage>	... how do we direct that energy into the specfication or architecture for the W3C standards track
[Tue 12:40:48] <nage>	... we want this stuff to become more central to the messaging than just a published doc
[Tue 12:41:05] <nage>	... David's work feels like a big improvement on the architecture document that we have right now
[Tue 12:41:12] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 12:41:12] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: manu, Moses, rgrant, manu, rgrant, ChristopherA
[Tue 12:41:21] <nage>	... and it feels like we could take section 2 on of this document and make that into the VC arch doc
[Tue 12:41:42] <nage>	... the architecture document could have some life-cycle documents in it, or some life-cycle explaination
[Tue 12:41:48] <nage>	... then we could point to JoeAndrieu's work
[Tue 12:42:04] <nage>	... as it does a great job of breaking down the whole use case in a technology agnostic way
[Tue 12:42:17] <nage>	... which helps us call out what technologies we are mapping these use cases to
[Tue 12:42:29] *	Moses has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:42:41] <nage>	... JoeAndrieu, how do we intend to map this to a set of technologies to achieve the use case?
[Tue 12:42:50] <nage>	... this could provide good gap analysis to see if we've covered it
[Tue 12:43:05] <ChristopherA>	(I do map in my draft of the WOT user story, but I don't think Joe plans to keep that part)
[Tue 12:43:11] <nage>	... DavidC, would you be comfortable with putting this into the arch document and pointing to JoeAndrieu's detailed use case in there?
[Tue 12:43:29] <nage>	... which then JoeAndrieu could map to which specs help to achieve is use case?
[Tue 12:43:30] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 12:43:31] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to ask if we're going to map all 15 steps to applicable specifications... we need to bridge this stuff at some point.).
[Tue 12:43:31] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 12:43:34] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to say "Verifiable Claims Architecture / Lifecycle" is a document we need.).
[Tue 12:43:39] <ChristopherA>	ack moses
[Tue 12:43:39] <voip-vctf>	moses isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:43:43] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 12:43:43] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: Moses, rgrant, rgrant, ChristopherA, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:43:49] <manu>	ack Moses
[Tue 12:43:49] <voip-vctf>	Moses has the floor.
[Tue 12:43:52] <manu>	q+ DavidC
[Tue 12:43:52] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: rgrant, rgrant, ChristopherA, JoeAndrieu, DavidC
[Tue 12:44:03] <nage>	Moses: I think what we'd like to do is take what you've done and create, maybe not a use case for the entire group, but map the needs for an ICO investor
[Tue 12:44:20] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:44:20] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: rgrant, rgrant, ChristopherA, JoeAndrieu, DavidC
[Tue 12:44:32] <nage>	... they are doing to want to know "is this a hacker?", "is this an accredited investor?" and this might help us understand the other end of use (as opposed to the refugee case)
[Tue 12:44:34] <ChristopherA>	ack rgrant
[Tue 12:44:35] <voip-vctf>	rgrant has the floor (do we have a way to search for disputes (by the subject of the claim) when issuers create a VC?).
[Tue 12:44:42] <manu>	ack rgrant
[Tue 12:44:42] <nage>	rgrant: I have a question for JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:44:45] <voip-vctf>	rgrant has the floor (asking for a repeat on why inspector does not need to "trust" issuer.).
[Tue 12:44:55] <nage>	... on the center of the pictoral diagram, that is a sort of state of rest, is there a name for it?
[Tue 12:45:09] <nage>	JoeAndrieu: This is a visual short hand to keep from having the arrows go to all the other places
[Tue 12:45:24] <nage>	... every arrow that goes there goes out to all the other connections
[Tue 12:45:31] <ChristopherA>	I think it marks that timeline is different than the previous which has discrete steps
[Tue 12:45:41] <nage>	... for example once you've disclosed you could go into any of the other stages
[Tue 12:45:42] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:45:42] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA, JoeAndrieu, DavidC
[Tue 12:45:44] *	Moses (~Moses@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 12:46:00] <nage>	rgrant: so apart from the one-way's that are called out, it is just a way of reducing the arrows?
[Tue 12:46:01] *	manu thinks JoeAndrieu should use the Universal symbol for "Drum Circle" to represent the nexus. :P
[Tue 12:46:04] <nage>	JoeAndrieu: correct
[Tue 12:46:20] <nage>	rgrant: I have a question for DavidC for the way to search for disputes by the subject of the claim
[Tue 12:46:36] <nage>	... for example, they believe I live in Hawaii but have also given me a good credit rating
[Tue 12:47:10] <nage>	... causing the dillema, do I use it when it is obviously not quite correct?  Can I somehow register my formal dispute, that I have attempted to correct my data?
[Tue 12:47:12] <Moses>	Joe, Manu, Chris - do you want us to create another "user persona" diagram? We can map the day in a life into a single visual.
[Tue 12:47:20] <nage>	... it would be nice to have some way of registering these
[Tue 12:47:24] *	manu blockchain blockchain blockchain! (for refutation of data)
[Tue 12:47:38] <nage>	DavidC: this is a good question, where the Issuer is the owner of the information and publish incorrect information about you
[Tue 12:47:58] <nage>	... I'd like to think that the data protection legislation that we have would help with this (legally providing the ability to redress this)
[Tue 12:48:12] <nage>	... I know that there are supposed to be ways for addressing this
[Tue 12:48:19] <Moses>	I mean modifying the current diagram to fit this use case, integrating the models presented.
[Tue 12:48:27] <nage>	... I have used the legislation to pay to get the data but not change it
[Tue 12:48:45] <nage>	... I think it needs to go into the model somewhere, it needs to be able to be addressed
[Tue 12:49:33] <nage>	rgrant: I feel like we do have these legal means, but where there is an agent-mediated protocol it makes bumping out of that mediated protocol very difficult
[Tue 12:49:51] <ChristopherA>	ack christophera
[Tue 12:49:51] <voip-vctf>	christophera isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:49:55] <nage>	... it creates many registration and complexity issues
[Tue 12:49:59] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:49:59] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA, JoeAndrieu, DavidC
[Tue 12:50:38] <ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 12:50:38] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 12:50:38] <nage>	DavidC: the hope is that you as the center have the ability to control this, but there are some interesting impacts to this, where you may chose not to disclose negative information about you
[Tue 12:50:55] <nage>	... so we need means for someone being able to disclose information to an inspector without necessarily involving the Holder
[Tue 12:51:12] <nage>	ChristopherA: clearly there are a few things in this category
[Tue 12:51:28] <nage>	... a discussion in the VC group about kinds of VCs, including providing evidence of ratings or reputation
[Tue 12:51:45] <nage>	... then the difference between revocation (by the issuer) and refutation (by the subject)
[Tue 12:51:54] <nage>	... some of this belongs in the data model, some of it in the layer above that
[Tue 12:52:12] <nage>	... in our community there is a difference between a self-sovereign system and how you might do this in other ways
[Tue 12:52:40] <agropper>	q+
[Tue 12:52:40] <voip-vctf>	agropper has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu, DavidC, agropper
[Tue 12:52:40] <nage>	... the self-soveriegn approach doesn't necesaarily address negative information but does address other concerns that are underrepresented currently
[Tue 12:53:04] <nage>	... Another thing that really helps is that these documents are consicse and we need more documents like them
[Tue 12:53:26] <nage>	... something about a user with agency over their healthcare, for example going through the life-cycle of care
[Tue 12:53:54] <nage>	... we should come up for a name for what these are called where they are not quite use-cases and not quite user stories
[Tue 12:54:17] <nage>	... when I designed the web-of-trust bitcoin reference, I referred to Alice's engagement model to make sure we had the right steps outlined in detail
[Tue 12:54:44] <ChristopherA>	q?
[Tue 12:54:44] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu, DavidC, agropper
[Tue 12:54:52] <ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:54:52] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has the floor.
[Tue 12:55:07] <nage>	JoeAndrieu: I would like to respond to Manu's question
[Tue 12:55:19] <nage>	... How do we map this work to tech implementations?
[Tue 12:55:40] <nage>	... For what we're doing with Alice, there is the assumption that it is the technology we are doing for VCs
[Tue 12:55:55] <nage>	... with Issuers, Holders and Verifiers and how that works, but I probably won't drive down more than that
[Tue 12:56:09] <nage>	... those are design and implementation choices
[Tue 12:56:39] <Moses>	By the way, it looks like our consulting firm is going to get a gig with a large bank to facilitate a design spec around blockchains, decentralized identity, verifiable claims and... capital markets. If you'd like to join the design sprint as a "spark plug" outside innovator, please send me an email with your bio. It won't pay a bundle, but we'll be able to cover travel and an honorarium. My email is moses.ma@futurelabconsulting.com. Probably in late September.
[Tue 12:56:40] <nage>	... It is easier to place a design decision in the narrative, but when you tease out the non-human interactions you free up what the implementation _can_ be
[Tue 12:56:46] <nage>	Manu: thanks, that is good
[Tue 12:57:04] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 12:57:04] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: DavidC, agropper, ChristopherA
[Tue 12:57:10] <ChristopherA>	ack DavidC
[Tue 12:57:10] <voip-vctf>	DavidC has the floor.
[Tue 12:57:12] <nage>	DavidC: Also to answer Manu's question, I'm happy for that to go into the working document
[Tue 12:57:23] <nage>	... I can work with you offline on the mechanics of edit rights, etc
[Tue 12:57:25] <ChristopherA>	ack agropper
[Tue 12:57:25] <voip-vctf>	agropper has the floor.
[Tue 12:57:48] <nage>	agropper: this leads me to ask, is this too simple a model for self-soveriegn identity in the following sense:
[Tue 12:58:06] <nage>	... in the HIE of one we have a practitioner who isn't an institution and a patient, Alice
[Tue 12:58:17] <nage>	... they have technology to manage their self-soveriegnty
[Tue 12:58:43] <ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 12:58:43] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 12:58:49] <rgrant>	(FDA)
[Tue 12:58:49] <nage>	... with mobile devices and identity containers, and I'm not sure that the two presentations today capture that "three layer model" that includes the pharmacy or DEA as the institutional component
[Tue 12:58:50] <JoeAndrieu>	q+
[Tue 12:58:50] <voip-vctf>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:58:52] *	cwebber2 needs to hop off for SocialWG call, thanks all!
[Tue 12:59:07] <nage>	DavidC: I'd love to read your use case and see if we can have it fit when it is finished
[Tue 12:59:17] <nage>	agropper: I'm in process writing an update for RWoT in the fall
[Tue 12:59:26] <nage>	DavidC: please post a link
[Tue 12:59:37] <nage>	ChristopherA: One of the key things here has to do with "agency"
[Tue 12:59:54] <nage>	... Joram 1.1 should be more specific about agency and who is in control at various phases
[Tue 13:00:03] <nage>	... whether it is institutions or Joram himself
[Tue 13:00:08] *	stonematt has quit ("Leaving...")
[Tue 13:00:14] <Moses>	Nage, the ICO example would include the SEC or (France AMF) and the dealer broker, so it might capture the three layer model.
[Tue 13:00:16] <nage>	... Alice, Bob, and Carol have 100% agence, etc
[Tue 13:00:42] <nage>	... we might have a third party like an insurer where there is less agency...
[Tue 13:00:55] <nage>	... given the engagement model how might we do this through a variety of mechanisms
[Tue 13:01:16] <nage>	... in all of these documents capturing these details might be important
[Tue 13:01:45] <nage>	... JoeAndrieu and DavidC and agropper and whoever else, please continue to evolve these and see how this information might fit in
[Tue 13:02:16] <nage>	... to answer manu's question, I don't think we're quite there for integration, but we should encourage them and keep them moving forward (I plan to particpate)
[Tue 13:02:28] <nage>	ChristopherA: next week we will close out the naming discussion and start on the mission statement
[Tue 13:02:39] <nage>	... that will be about half of the meeting, are there any other requests for next week?
[Tue 13:02:42] <rgrant>	JoeAndrieu: want to talk after the call about "apartment hunting" use case?
[Tue 13:02:54] <nage>	... if you have any more to present please let us know
[Tue 13:02:54] <Moses>	One other small issue - "VC" is very established as an acronym for "venture capitalist", maybe discuss expanding to a 3 letter acronym?
[Tue 13:03:00] <agropper>	can someone help find my HIE of One RWoT link before the minutes are closed?
[Tue 13:03:11] <rgrant>	Moses: +1
[Tue 13:03:19] <nage>	... the final thing that we are going to do is "if there those that would like to hang around for DID discussion"
[Tue 13:03:35] <Drummond>	Christopher: we'll want some time for DID issue discussion on next week's call
[Tue 13:03:39] <nage>	... we will take a few minutes after the meeting for the next few weeks for a "stand up" of sorts around that topic
[Tue 13:03:49] <nage>	... thanks for joining us, we will have another call next week
[Tue 13:03:49] <manu>	Present+ sporny, andrieu, ChristopherA, webber, lehn, squarfed, longley, amigus, moses, grant, drummond
