[2019-01-29T16:58:22.126Z]	<dmitriz>	voip: 52a is DmitriZ
[2019-01-29T16:58:58.703Z]	<rhiaro>	voip: 52b is rhiaro
[2019-01-29T16:59:49.666Z]	<kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Jan/0103.html
[2019-01-29T16:59:49.626Z]	<mwherman2000>	present+
[2019-01-29T17:00:30.664Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-01-29T17:00:49.683Z]	<lparker>	present+
[2019-01-29T17:00:53.272Z]	<vaughan>	present+
[2019-01-29T17:00:54.145Z]	<manu>	present+
[2019-01-29T17:00:57.565Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2019-01-29T17:01:03.915Z]	<MosesMa>	present+
[2019-01-29T17:01:56.156Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2019-01-29T17:02:43.416Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2019-01-29T17:02:57.436Z]	<Yancy_>	Present+
[2019-01-29T17:02:59.262Z]	<brent>	present+ Brent_Zundel
[2019-01-29T17:03:02.323Z]	<mike-lodder>	present+
[2019-01-29T17:03:07.464Z]	<Lionel_Wolberger>	present+
[2019-01-29T17:03:12.762Z]	<brent>	voip
[2019-01-29T17:03:35.986Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-01-29T17:04:10.283Z]	<agropper>	present+ Adrian_Gropper
[2019-01-29T17:04:23.737Z]	<kimhd>	Scribe: agropper
[2019-01-29T17:04:27.090Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: 053d is bigbluehat
[2019-01-29T17:04:32.762Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Introductions and Re-introductions
[2019-01-29T17:05:17.669Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+ Markus_Sabadello
[2019-01-29T17:05:17.804Z]	<agropper>	Introductions... Margo products for Transmute Identity tool for enterprises - self sovereign identiy
[2019-01-29T17:05:24.447Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2019-01-29T17:05:45.251Z]	<kimhd>	present+ Margo_Johnson
[2019-01-29T17:05:56.437Z]	<jonnycrunch>	present+
[2019-01-29T17:05:57.905Z]	<MosesMa>	Justin, what SIP app are you using?
[2019-01-29T17:06:19.614Z]	<agropper>	Justin is new - Richer - standards IETF, Kantara, eye on this pace for years - involved with new client
[2019-01-29T17:06:32.636Z]	<kimhd>	present+ Justin_Richer
[2019-01-29T17:06:44.466Z]	<Justin_R_>	present+ Justin_Richer
[2019-01-29T17:06:58.087Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Announcements and Reminders
[2019-01-29T17:07:06.571Z]	<manu>	http://rwot8.eventbrite.com/
[2019-01-29T17:07:28.989Z]	<agropper>	Next RWoT - Early bird discount ends on Thursday!!!
[2019-01-29T17:08:04.157Z]	<daniel>	says the line is overloaded
[2019-01-29T17:08:17.918Z]	<agropper>	Joe: VC F2F right after RWoT in Barcelona
[2019-01-29T17:09:14.336Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2019-01-29T17:09:32.064Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2019-01-29T17:09:36.244Z]	<ken>	present+ Ken_Ebert
[2019-01-29T17:10:11.684Z]	<burn>	present+
[2019-01-29T17:10:26.136Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/20
[2019-01-29T17:10:32.666Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Action Items
[2019-01-29T17:10:32.845Z]	<agropper>	kimhd: Action items: New action items: multihash hashlink multibase + did resolution and functional identity
[2019-01-29T17:10:33.777Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/53
[2019-01-29T17:10:48.736Z]	<jonnycrunch>	voip-ccg: 0541 is jonnycrunch
[2019-01-29T17:11:28.208Z]	<agropper>	kimhd: making sure everything has the required files - baseline cleanup
[2019-01-29T17:12:28.124Z]	<agropper>	... if you see things in "need spec text" state, please volunteer - let chairs know - hoping to get htese converged within next month
[2019-01-29T17:13:29.809Z]	<agropper>	joeAndrieu: for two proposed work items from last week - this is your last chance to oppose them
[2019-01-29T17:13:59.463Z]	<agropper>	... hearing nothing, they are now formally approved as work items
[2019-01-29T17:13:59.666Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: DID Pull Requests
[2019-01-29T17:14:03.909Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pulls
[2019-01-29T17:14:22.503Z]	<agropper>	... rest of call about pull requests - great work by Amy Guy
[2019-01-29T17:14:51.516Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/55
[2019-01-29T17:14:52.827Z]	<samchase>	present+
[2019-01-29T17:14:54.653Z]	<agropper>	... now down to 4 in chronological order
[2019-01-29T17:15:36.223Z]	<manu>	q+ to note status.
[2019-01-29T17:15:40.455Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-29T17:15:43.728Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-01-29T17:15:44.151Z]	<agropper>	... lots of conversation, not much since April 1, 2018 - summary?
[2019-01-29T17:16:25.277Z]	<agropper>	amy: as soon as there's consensus will rebase
[2019-01-29T17:17:15.367Z]	<agropper>	manu: proposal: the only opposition was from Drummond, having a DID method that did not have update, delete BUT may want to create one-time DID
[2019-01-29T17:17:26.269Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2019-01-29T17:17:57.132Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2019-01-29T17:18:07.184Z]	<agropper>	... and it's not a requirement to support update and deactivate but could put editorial text saying it's not recommended but ok
[2019-01-29T17:18:52.865Z]	<agropper>	joeAndrieu: Chris expressed opinion that he's more in Drummon's camp to require these -
[2019-01-29T17:20:03.051Z]	<agropper>	... my opinion do we want DIDs to be a universal plugin for a broad range of identifiers. If it's reasonable for USPS to create
[2019-01-29T17:20:03.174Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-01-29T17:20:08.097Z]	<daniel>	q+
[2019-01-29T17:20:14.309Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-01-29T17:20:20.026Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-01-29T17:20:21.853Z]	<agropper>	... a centralized DID methjod, then it's a bigger issue
[2019-01-29T17:20:37.535Z]	<jonnycrunch>	q+
[2019-01-29T17:21:10.626Z]	<agropper>	markus: it could make sense to support DIDs that don't support update and delete - it's also interesting from a resolution point of veiw
[2019-01-29T17:21:36.236Z]	<agropper>	... also good example of DID that don't depend on blockchains - probably a good thing
[2019-01-29T17:22:05.110Z]	<daniel>	How do folks define delete?
[2019-01-29T17:22:06.516Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-29T17:22:11.147Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack daniel
[2019-01-29T17:22:11.476Z]	<agropper>	... also agree probably a bigger problem of DIDs that are not decentralized, with certificates, etc...
[2019-01-29T17:22:26.464Z]	<manu>	q+ to define delete.
[2019-01-29T17:23:03.586Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to discuss for what a DID can't be
[2019-01-29T17:23:16.331Z]	<agropper>	daniel: how do we define Delete? Need to define what a DID can't be - what's the line?
[2019-01-29T17:23:22.432Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack jonnycrunch
[2019-01-29T17:23:50.351Z]	<agropper>	johnny: reading through PR, about IoT devices -
[2019-01-29T17:24:07.804Z]	<agropper>	daniel: IPFS is an example
[2019-01-29T17:24:11.225Z]	<mwherman2000>	q+
[2019-01-29T17:24:26.784Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q freeze
[2019-01-29T17:24:36.185Z]	<agropper>	johnny: capabilities issue - a device has a role with an expiration - but can't be updated or deleted
[2019-01-29T17:24:40.884Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-01-29T17:25:24.186Z]	<mwherman2000>	q-
[2019-01-29T17:25:24.525Z]	<agropper>	manu: delete is defined - if on ledger it's deactivate - some centralized cases can actually delete - need better word than delete
[2019-01-29T17:25:52.457Z]	<daniel>	Makes sense - do a final recovery override and wipe it clean. Thanks!
[2019-01-29T17:26:18.484Z]	<agropper>	... example: wipe all authentication keys, or capapbilities expire. W/O jumping into decentralize means: do we want the spec to be
[2019-01-29T17:27:06.984Z]	<mwherman2000>	An email is an example of a non-fungible entity ...and meets the criteria "in every other way" as manu just said.
[2019-01-29T17:27:07.913Z]	<agropper>	... used very broadly or not? Is email decentralized? Community intent: does it meet the spec in every way, then let's be inclusive
[2019-01-29T17:27:40.955Z]	<agropper>	... focus on inclusivity - there are ways of suggesting best practices w/o being exclusive
[2019-01-29T17:27:41.343Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-01-29T17:28:32.878Z]	<daniel>	***daniel wonders if this could be something DIF could define outside of the inclusive specs...hmm...***
[2019-01-29T17:28:33.924Z]	<agropper>	JoeAndrieu: We win by establising DIDs more broadly. We're talking about decentralized: you can plug any method
[2019-01-29T17:29:04.627Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/106
[2019-01-29T17:29:06.223Z]	<agropper>	... now to other pull requests - to #16 to address 85
[2019-01-29T17:29:21.368Z]	<manu>	q+ to add some color to that.
[2019-01-29T17:29:25.978Z]	<agropper>	Amy: Some will go into resolver spec and Dmitry hgas opinions
[2019-01-29T17:29:26.077Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-01-29T17:30:06.770Z]	<agropper>	manu: Waiting - modifies URI definition of DID and adds DID service - a lot of bulk goes into resolution not core specs -
[2019-01-29T17:30:23.447Z]	<dmitriz>	-1 to merging it
[2019-01-29T17:30:43.053Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-29T17:30:43.917Z]	<agropper>	... where a DID resolver maps to different URL is out of scope - don't know what the actual URI looks like
[2019-01-29T17:31:16.945Z]	<agropper>	dmitrz: Like Manu and Amy needs more discussion and consensus from the group
[2019-01-29T17:32:03.504Z]	<kimhd>	re PR #55, I see the argument of -- what value are they if they're centralized? how to we make this aspect more readily apparent to users? I also think we should be inclusive at the CCG/DID spec level, but am interested in the best practices/user guidance discussion. To Daniel's thought above, I do think DIF would be a good place to kick that off
[2019-01-29T17:32:05.984Z]	<agropper>	JoeAndrieu: Unless changes from recent PR, seems odd that top level of ABNF is a top level, it's a little wacky
[2019-01-29T17:32:31.364Z]	<mwherman2000>	Much of this will be clarified once we get to #159
[2019-01-29T17:32:33.690Z]	<manu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-spec/#the-generic-did-scheme
[2019-01-29T17:33:00.715Z]	<agropper>	dimtrz: ABNF already includes provisions for the service endpoint
[2019-01-29T17:33:04.372Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-29T17:33:09.132Z]	<jonnycrunch>	what is ABNF?
[2019-01-29T17:33:11.196Z]	<agropper>	... more discussion is needed
[2019-01-29T17:33:27.831Z]	<dmitriz>	jonnycrunch: Augmented Bachus - Nauer Form
[2019-01-29T17:33:37.796Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-29T17:33:39.912Z]	<dmitriz>	that's the weird formula type thing that defines DID identifier structure
[2019-01-29T17:33:46.115Z]	<agropper>	JoeAndrieu: seems to me the top level shoud be the whole DID
[2019-01-29T17:34:04.486Z]	<manu>	jonnycrunch -- http://web.mit.edu/macdev/mit/doc/www/devdoc/Augmented%20BNF.html
[2019-01-29T17:34:17.684Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-29T17:34:19.346Z]	<manu>	ABNF ==> Augmneted Bachus-Naur Form
[2019-01-29T17:34:31.505Z]	<manu>	it's a way of writing parsable languages.
[2019-01-29T17:34:35.418Z]	<agropper>	... we still need more discussion on that - how might we move this forward?
[2019-01-29T17:35:10.346Z]	<agropper>	manu: the folks need to get together - we're clearly not on the samer page - dmitrz will take the lead
[2019-01-29T17:35:49.131Z]	<agropper>	dimitrz: in the ABNF the query part seems to be talking about the service endpoint - will take lead on this -
[2019-01-29T17:36:07.391Z]	<markus_sabadello>	This is also related to the ABNF: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/90
[2019-01-29T17:36:29.607Z]	<agropper>	manu: make a concrete proposal please,
[2019-01-29T17:36:46.373Z]	<agropper>	... we may be ready for a proposal before discussion
[2019-01-29T17:36:58.087Z]	<burn>	q+
[2019-01-29T17:37:08.589Z]	<agropper>	.... not a simple discussion -
[2019-01-29T17:37:19.752Z]	<ken>	q+
[2019-01-29T17:37:22.056Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-29T17:37:27.077Z]	<agropper>	JoeAndrieu: maybe make a new PR
[2019-01-29T17:37:32.864Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack burn
[2019-01-29T17:38:23.024Z]	<agropper>	Dan: ABNF is not correct - need to define a schem and not redefine a URI structire - important is the definition
[2019-01-29T17:38:23.283Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ken
[2019-01-29T17:38:44.669Z]	<agropper>	ken: are you looking to replace everthing or correct?
[2019-01-29T17:38:57.797Z]	<manu>	q+ to note that it's not going to change drastically
[2019-01-29T17:39:06.684Z]	<agropper>	dmitrz: not sure
[2019-01-29T17:39:37.073Z]	<agropper>	manu: will not massively change what a DID lookslike - this is nitpicky spec stuff
[2019-01-29T17:39:46.154Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-29T17:40:01.146Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/110
[2019-01-29T17:40:04.387Z]	<agropper>	JoeAndrieu PR #110
[2019-01-29T17:40:04.798Z]	<manu>	q+ to discuss w/ jonnycrunch
[2019-01-29T17:40:11.530Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-01-29T17:40:12.084Z]	<jonnycrunch_>	q+
[2019-01-29T17:40:16.730Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-01-29T17:40:19.373Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-29T17:40:39.574Z]	<agropper>	manu: We close the PR because we think the mod needed is the way we thionk about IPFS URL
[2019-01-29T17:40:45.723Z]	<manu>	jonnycrunch: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/110#issue-224162685
[2019-01-29T17:41:36.155Z]	<agropper>	... issue is how can we point to something on IPFS that can't change - and the oly thing neccessary for IPFS to publish a URL scheme
[2019-01-29T17:42:38.137Z]	<agropper>	... problem solved for linking the keys, hashlink can solve this, no changes needed to specification, - close PR, then johnny can explain
[2019-01-29T17:42:41.091Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack jonnycrunch_
[2019-01-29T17:44:05.845Z]	<agropper>	jonnycrunch: suggested having / - on IPLD not IPFS - / on a path in IETF - culmination of multihash - suggestion for how to link to content addressable payloads
[2019-01-29T17:45:00.354Z]	<agropper>	... not subject to spoofing attacks --- also how we index - uses serialized JSON - ? not determinisitc for serialization to CBOR
[2019-01-29T17:45:30.811Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-29T17:45:42.548Z]	<agropper>	... to closing the PR, it's still valid - just reserving the /
[2019-01-29T17:46:20.051Z]	<agropper>	manu: can't do that - would need to modify the standard - you have to conform to URI spec - can't change their mind
[2019-01-29T17:46:28.111Z]	<bigbluehat>	it's not http--it's URIs
[2019-01-29T17:46:40.404Z]	<agropper>	johnnycrunch: this is just the key to an object
[2019-01-29T17:46:50.015Z]	<dmitriz>	q+
[2019-01-29T17:47:07.104Z]	<dmitriz>	q-
[2019-01-29T17:47:11.738Z]	<agropper>	manu: the way you suggest will not fly at IETF - need IPLD link instead
[2019-01-29T17:47:12.196Z]	<manu>	 ipld:zdpuAmoZixxJjvosviGeYcqduzDhSwGV2bL6ZTTXo1hbEJHfq
[2019-01-29T17:47:32.707Z]	<agropper>	... in cotext
[2019-01-29T17:47:39.935Z]	<manu>	"@context" : ["ipld:zdpuAmoZixxJjvosviGeYcqduzDhSwGV2bL6ZTTXo1hbEJHfq"]
[2019-01-29T17:48:08.515Z]	<agropper>	... that would work with JSON-LD and IETf very simply
[2019-01-29T17:48:58.796Z]	<agropper>	johnnycrunch: I think they will be open to that if it works - as long as the entire content is crypto validated w/o a central point of failure
[2019-01-29T17:49:24.524Z]	<agropper>	manu: i feel like we have this problem covered - just need IPLD URI scheme
[2019-01-29T17:49:40.328Z]	<agropper>	johnnycrunch: what about indexing of arrays?
[2019-01-29T17:50:10.764Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q freeze
[2019-01-29T17:50:14.428Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-29T17:50:16.043Z]	<agropper>	manu: LD proofs tries not do depend on CBOR - really scary
[2019-01-29T17:50:28.056Z]	<jonnycrunch_>	https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot7-toronto/blob/master/draft-documents/ipld_did_documents.md
[2019-01-29T17:50:53.587Z]	<agropper>	... we know LD has math proofs working for 6 years - not a light lift to change -
[2019-01-29T17:51:23.748Z]	<agropper>	manu: we know LD has math proofs working for 6 years - not a light lift to change
[2019-01-29T17:51:45.134Z]	<agropper>	JoeAndrieu: propose next steps
[2019-01-29T17:52:47.843Z]	<agropper>	johnnycrunch: oullined concerns in last paper for RWoT - indexing array makes it so much easier
[2019-01-29T17:53:15.203Z]	<agropper>	JoeAndrieu: manu to take next steps -
[2019-01-29T17:53:16.583Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/159
[2019-01-29T17:53:27.035Z]	<mwherman2000>	Relevant PR #159 comment thread: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/159#discussion_r251057016
[2019-01-29T17:53:34.994Z]	<agropper>	... updates to URIs..
[2019-01-29T17:53:45.745Z]	<dmitriz>	q+
[2019-01-29T17:53:51.187Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-01-29T17:53:55.291Z]	<mwherman2000>	q+
[2019-01-29T17:54:04.590Z]	<agropper>	amy: there's more clarification - will make a new PR in the next couple of weeks
[2019-01-29T17:54:12.983Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack dmitriz
[2019-01-29T17:54:16.643Z]	<mwherman2000>	Proposed next steps: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/159#discussion_r251207514
[2019-01-29T17:54:40.113Z]	<agropper>	dmitriz: suggest we remove this ?
[2019-01-29T17:54:44.403Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-29T17:54:50.984Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-01-29T17:55:15.196Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2019-01-29T17:55:35.283Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack mherman2000
[2019-01-29T17:55:43.877Z]	<agropper>	markus: DIDs need clear relationship: DIDs are URIs that combine the benefots of URI and URN shifting language
[2019-01-29T17:55:46.412Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack mwherman2000
[2019-01-29T17:56:25.116Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-01-29T17:56:28.851Z]	<agropper>	mwherman: need to separate the specs into  identifier and protocol parts
[2019-01-29T17:56:38.578Z]	<burn>	To be clear, URI != URL.  Both URLs and URNs are URIs
[2019-01-29T17:57:00.854Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack joeandrieu
[2019-01-29T17:57:07.943Z]	<agropper>	JoeAndrieu: top level ABNF lists all the valid URLs - DIDs are not URLs technically -
[2019-01-29T17:57:08.055Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-01-29T17:57:10.203Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-01-29T17:57:13.337Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-01-29T17:57:14.583Z]	<burn>	Yes, I am referring to IETF specs
[2019-01-29T17:58:03.363Z]	<agropper>	manu: there's some disageement - many different definitions over the years - we cae that a DID can derive a document in some way
[2019-01-29T17:58:50.623Z]	<agropper>	... there's academic nitpicking - let's focus on splitting the spec
[2019-01-29T17:59:12.377Z]	<burn>	https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986#page-7
[2019-01-29T17:59:24.951Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1 for restructuring
[2019-01-29T17:59:36.288Z]	<agropper>	... list of sections - general buy-in for restructuring - Amy accepted to do PR -
[2019-01-29T17:59:51.875Z]	<dmitriz>	+1
[2019-01-29T17:59:53.797Z]	<agropper>	JoeAndrieu: will let this open pending Amy's PR
[2019-01-29T18:00:39.930Z]	<MosesMa>	Bye everyone!
[2019-01-29T18:05:38.779Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2019-01-29T18:05:42.349Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect 52f
