[2018-05-08T16:00:41.921Z]	<ChristopherA>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018May/0004.html
[2018-05-08T16:02:12.150Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2018-05-08T16:02:19.170Z]	<achughes>	scribe: andrew Hughes achughes
[2018-05-08T16:02:38.074Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: outlines the IPR policy of the CCG
[2018-05-08T16:02:58.210Z]	<achughes>	topic: introductions
[2018-05-08T16:03:30.195Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: any newbies that want to introduce themselves?
[2018-05-08T16:04:12.949Z]	<achughes>	Jack from london - working with company that does ID Verification - interested in participating
[2018-05-08T16:04:52.801Z]	<achughes>	Michael from Utah - recently contributing with sovrin foundation and hyperledger indy - wants to learn about how verifiable credentials are progressing
[2018-05-08T16:05:58.951Z]	<achughes>	topic: action items update
[2018-05-08T16:06:18.018Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-05-08T16:06:40.572Z]	<dlongley>	q?
[2018-05-08T16:06:58.112Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2018-05-08T16:07:01.535Z]	<manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018May/0011.html
[2018-05-08T16:07:12.950Z]	<achughes>	manu: AI to post a DID WG charter draft
[2018-05-08T16:07:16.910Z]	<manu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-wg-charter/
[2018-05-08T16:07:38.030Z]	<achughes>	manu: DID WG Charter item is in-progress - a few more fields to go
[2018-05-08T16:07:59.853Z]	<achughes>	manu: RSA Signature suite - there’s bunch of work around linked data proofs - no ETA
[2018-05-08T16:08:18.408Z]	<achughes>	manu: the implementations are current - and will lead the spec work
[2018-05-08T16:08:28.628Z]	<achughes>	manu: (including LD Signatures)
[2018-05-08T16:08:46.882Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: AI to move verifiable news repo to Rebooting Web of Trust
[2018-05-08T16:08:46.967Z]	<kimhd>	q+ to ask about proof vs signature work (in general)
[2018-05-08T16:09:23.632Z]	<rgrant>	+! to move repo
[2018-05-08T16:09:26.333Z]	<rgrant>	+1
[2018-05-08T16:09:29.207Z]	<manu>	q+ to suggest we move repo
[2018-05-08T16:09:32.000Z]	<kimhd>	+1 to move
[2018-05-08T16:09:35.207Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: verifiable news was never formally approved as a ccg work item - came from RWOT Boston - can we find consensus on what to do with repos that are not central to ccg
[2018-05-08T16:09:48.115Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: where is the repo right now
[2018-05-08T16:09:59.741Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: it’s in ccg right now but is not supposed to be there
[2018-05-08T16:10:16.116Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-05-08T16:10:17.331Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-05-08T16:10:18.038Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: any objections to move the repo?
[2018-05-08T16:10:22.440Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack kimhd
[2018-05-08T16:10:32.481Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-05-08T16:10:36.094Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ kimhd
[2018-05-08T16:10:46.494Z]	<dlongley>	https://www.w3.org/community/credibility/
[2018-05-08T16:10:53.320Z]	<dlongley>	"CREDIBLE WEB COMMUNITY GROUP"
[2018-05-08T16:11:03.591Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack
[2018-05-08T16:11:05.770Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2018-05-08T16:11:19.375Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack kimhd
[2018-05-08T16:11:30.500Z]	<achughes>	manu: Sandro Hawke W3C is working on Algorithymic News (or similar to that) - they might want to take it. See dlongley not on Credible web community group
[2018-05-08T16:11:43.941Z]	<manu>	q+ yes, worth a bigger discussion
[2018-05-08T16:11:55.839Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: wants info from manu on what actually needs doing with Signatures etc
[2018-05-08T16:12:20.893Z]	<achughes>	manu: says *yes* to all requests :)
[2018-05-08T16:12:43.750Z]	<achughes>	manu: LD Signature suite has now been changed to use Proofs instead
[2018-05-08T16:12:57.051Z]	<achughes>	manu: there should be a discussion in ccg about this work
[2018-05-08T16:13:10.269Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2018-05-08T16:13:12.509Z]	<achughes>	topic: work items
[2018-05-08T16:13:47.059Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: 000000af is bigbluehat
[2018-05-08T16:14:25.617Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: any progress or announcement on work items over the last week?
[2018-05-08T16:14:32.888Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-05-08T16:14:36.409Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-05-08T16:14:48.852Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: will have drafts on Amira use case (today)
[2018-05-08T16:14:53.510Z]	<Moses>	q+
[2018-05-08T16:15:05.708Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	q+ I can do an update about DIDs at MyData (if that fits the agenda today)
[2018-05-08T16:15:10.868Z]	<Moses>	I'd like to mention something about Consensus?
[2018-05-08T16:15:20.848Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: sending it to RWOT then it will flow over to here
[2018-05-08T16:15:45.868Z]	<dlongley>	q?
[2018-05-08T16:15:51.759Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack moses
[2018-05-08T16:15:56.552Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack Moses
[2018-05-08T16:16:33.850Z]	<achughes>	Moses: update on Consensus - working on the Roadmap trying to drive adoption. Working with HTC - to announce the world’s first BLOCKCHAIN PHONE
[2018-05-08T16:16:52.031Z]	<achughes>	Moses: it is public - posted on the Consensus site
[2018-05-08T16:17:03.708Z]	<achughes>	Moses: convinced them to support DIDs
[2018-05-08T16:17:30.339Z]	<achughes>	Moses: Moses and Phil will be there and meeting them - contact Moses if you want to meet and discuss @ Consensus
[2018-05-08T16:18:00.121Z]	<achughes>	Action: Moses to post the request to the ccg list calling for interested
[2018-05-08T16:18:23.613Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: MyData conference has asked to do a focus day after the conference (as well as in the conference)
[2018-05-08T16:18:50.648Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello_: planning has happened for the conference session - original idea was for a panel to present different flavours of DID stuff
[2018-05-08T16:19:01.832Z]	<Moses>	Thanks, if any of you want to contact me about meeting up at Consensus, email me at moses.ma@futurelabconsulting.com
[2018-05-08T16:19:09.518Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello_: there will not be a dedicated track to DIDs - but DIDs will be part of many sessions
[2018-05-08T16:19:24.768Z]	<manu>	q+ to volunteer to help Markus.
[2018-05-08T16:19:31.262Z]	<manu>	ack markus_sabadello_
[2018-05-08T16:19:33.455Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello_: there will be an opportunity for one presentation dedicated to DIDs - is kimhd interested in doing this?
[2018-05-08T16:19:51.312Z]	<kimhd>	definitely!
[2018-05-08T16:20:00.300Z]	<achughes>	kimhd: says *yes* to markus_sabadello_
[2018-05-08T16:20:46.788Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: picked 2 potential dates for DID/VC outreach - quasi-hackathon concept - a weeklong push (?) Either week of July 9th or July 16th 2018
[2018-05-08T16:20:46.991Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	:)
[2018-05-08T16:20:54.630Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to mention IIW India
[2018-05-08T16:21:10.269Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: is there a preference to which week?
[2018-05-08T16:21:58.836Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-05-08T16:22:09.709Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-05-08T16:22:22.431Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: IIW India - July 10, 11 2018
[2018-05-08T16:22:52.699Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-05-08T16:22:57.558Z]	<achughes>	action: chair to call for conflicts for July 16 week on this topic
[2018-05-08T16:23:22.881Z]	<achughes>	manu: can help with MyData Helsinki work - please connect with manu - happy to talk about whatever’s needed
[2018-05-08T16:23:27.549Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-05-08T16:24:13.740Z]	<achughes>	topic: digital verification github items
[2018-05-08T16:24:30.198Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-dvcg
[2018-05-08T16:24:54.653Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: a bunch of stuff fell out of the verifiable claims WG (out of scope) - landed in the github repo linked by ChristopherA
[2018-05-08T16:25:04.348Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: never gelled into a community
[2018-05-08T16:25:42.617Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: ccg agreed to take on support for these items - but… they seem to be orphaned
[2018-05-08T16:26:33.637Z]	<achughes>	Topic: Digital Verification community items and CCG people
[2018-05-08T16:26:37.889Z]	<manu>	q+ to not really have an opinion other than -- we do have implementations that are moving forward and we need to sync the specs.
[2018-05-08T16:26:47.137Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-05-08T16:26:49.942Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: also refactoring the newer ccg work back into there
[2018-05-08T16:27:32.269Z]	<achughes>	manu: the work is happening for implementations - specs updates are lagging somewhat
[2018-05-08T16:27:57.210Z]	<achughes>	manu: the foundational ones are most important - LD Sig, LD proofs, RSA (?), others (?)
[2018-05-08T16:28:45.373Z]	<rgrant>	q+ what is status of LD-signatures ?
[2018-05-08T16:28:48.474Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	q+
[2018-05-08T16:29:01.490Z]	<achughes>	manu: maybe look at this from the ‘who is writing code’ view - and clean up specs in that priority order
[2018-05-08T16:29:52.130Z]	<achughes>	manu: on the VC WG mailing list - someone posted how they are using with Hyperledger Aroha (?)
[2018-05-08T16:30:10.329Z]	<mike-lodder>	Iroha
[2018-05-08T16:30:39.962Z]	<achughes>	manu: interesting how they are using it - somewhat unexpected implementation choices - but the WG/CCG should not be gatekeepers on how people interpret and implement the specs
[2018-05-08T16:30:47.041Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-05-08T16:30:52.829Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack rgrant
[2018-05-08T16:31:10.711Z]	<achughes>	rgrant: what are the changed in the LD Sig since February spec?
[2018-05-08T16:31:20.391Z]	<achughes>	manu: the spec has not changed, but the plan has changed
[2018-05-08T16:31:48.932Z]	<achughes>	rgrant: it’s not clear how LD Sig relates to VC and ccg work - are there changes we need to know about
[2018-05-08T16:32:16.949Z]	<achughes>	manu: don’t read the specs as if they are final  - implementations are more accurate about the direction of the work - specs might be 18-24 months out of date
[2018-05-08T16:32:53.593Z]	<achughes>	manu: generally, the shift has been to develop ‘proofs’ versus ‘signatures’ concepts
[2018-05-08T16:33:08.316Z]	<achughes>	manu: LD Sig predates blockchain in some ways
[2018-05-08T16:33:32.332Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-05-08T16:33:35.739Z]	<achughes>	manu: now that there is blockchain, VC, DIDs - recasting how mathematical proofs are viewed
[2018-05-08T16:34:09.722Z]	<achughes>	manu: LD Sig / Proofs are how to do mathematical proofs over the various VC/DID materials - so LD Sig has to be recast to be about proofs
[2018-05-08T16:34:39.210Z]	<achughes>	manu: the foundational work will be ‘LD Proofs” - on top of that will be ‘LD Signatures’ - a special type of proofs
[2018-05-08T16:34:55.415Z]	<achughes>	manu: names a bunch of letters and numbers
[2018-05-08T16:35:14.751Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ (if we are refactoring, there is an issue with canonicalization)
[2018-05-08T16:35:17.238Z]	<rgrant>	is LD-Proofs (build on LD-Signatures (one of which includes equihash)) what i need to check a Verifiable Claim?
[2018-05-08T16:35:27.734Z]	<achughes>	manu: Proofs can be non-signature-based e.g. Equihash
[2018-05-08T16:35:54.831Z]	<achughes>	rgrant: what specs will I need for VC
[2018-05-08T16:36:11.148Z]	<rgrant>	thanks
[2018-05-08T16:36:11.930Z]	<achughes>	manu: LD-Proofs -> LD-Sig -> VC Spec
[2018-05-08T16:36:14.530Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack markus
[2018-05-08T16:36:19.198Z]	<kimhd>	q+to ask about Manu's point about implementations being ahead of the specs. can we see some open source pointers?
[2018-05-08T16:36:24.609Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack markus_sabadello_
[2018-05-08T16:36:30.482Z]	<mike-lodder>	There are other verifiable proofs besides LD-proofs
[2018-05-08T16:36:31.809Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello_: where are we keeping track of implementations?
[2018-05-08T16:36:43.189Z]	<Dave>	For regular digital signatures, openssl (or bouncy castle) make it easy for programmers. Is there something similar for LD-Proofs?
[2018-05-08T16:36:44.989Z]	<manu>	we are not tracking it... but we should... maybe in the cryptosuite registries?
[2018-05-08T16:36:47.129Z]	<Moses>	If you'll be at Consensus and want to meet up, you can let us know via this form: https://goo.gl/forms/1JNbnsQaQYHvL1n83
[2018-05-08T16:36:47.351Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello_: has done a Java implementation - wants to list this
[2018-05-08T16:36:56.668Z]	<dlongley>	kimhd: https://github.com/digitalbazaar/jsonld-signatures/tree/master/lib/suites
[2018-05-08T16:37:01.742Z]	<achughes>	markus_sabadello_: wants an update on DID Test Suites from last week’s call
[2018-05-08T16:37:02.093Z]	<kimhd>	q-
[2018-05-08T16:37:06.753Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-05-08T16:37:20.610Z]	<drummond>	voip: 0b5 is drummond
[2018-05-08T16:37:35.209Z]	<Dave>	Plans for incorporating into openssl or bouncycastle?
[2018-05-08T16:37:39.134Z]	<manu>	q+ to propose that we put implementations in the cryptosuite registry?
[2018-05-08T16:37:52.481Z]	<Dave>	eventually?
[2018-05-08T16:38:05.448Z]	<rgrant>	what is the LD-Signatures source repo?
[2018-05-08T16:38:06.097Z]	<mike-lodder>	Libsodium?
[2018-05-08T16:38:40.476Z]	<rgrant>	https://github.com/digitalbazaar/jsonld-signatures ?
[2018-05-08T16:38:54.434Z]	<dlongley>	rgrant: yes
[2018-05-08T16:38:59.569Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: in the spec, the canonicalization method is missing (?) - important especially when other proofs are described - should be a more active discussion
[2018-05-08T16:39:21.988Z]	<manu>	rgrant, yes, that's one of the libs.
[2018-05-08T16:39:24.533Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: we should bring these back into the ccg repo as we refactor specs
[2018-05-08T16:39:58.549Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-05-08T16:39:59.932Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: would be good to have an assigned lead for each language/spec
[2018-05-08T16:40:03.213Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-05-08T16:40:04.382Z]	<manu>	q-
[2018-05-08T16:40:16.449Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-05-08T16:40:25.794Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-05-08T16:40:40.998Z]	<achughes>	manu: can track implementations in the crypto suite registries
[2018-05-08T16:41:03.462Z]	<achughes>	manu: there’s a proposal for getting added to the crypto registry - includes requirement to identify an implementation
[2018-05-08T16:41:25.441Z]	<achughes>	manu: could also list libraries that implementat that particular crypto suite
[2018-05-08T16:41:54.236Z]	<achughes>	topic: DID Use Cases & Domains
[2018-05-08T16:42:20.848Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: goal of this discussion is that WG Charter must be supported by use cases
[2018-05-08T16:42:50.536Z]	<achughes>	manu: DID use cases don’t need to be big and complex - must be very focused (maybe 6 pages?)
[2018-05-08T16:43:26.033Z]	<achughes>	manu: e.g. person wants DID for public persona; others in the voice recording...
[2018-05-08T16:43:36.960Z]	<Dave>	Use cases has to be more than a description of what it does.
[2018-05-08T16:44:09.461Z]	<heathervescent>	q+
[2018-05-08T16:44:14.800Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack heathervescent
[2018-05-08T16:44:22.930Z]	<Dave>	You need to have a problem that needs to be solved: I want to talk to my 2nd cousin who I have never met across the country, and pass them a genealogy privately.
[2018-05-08T16:44:57.780Z]	<achughes>	heathervescent: for the W3C use cases requirement - can we do more detail inside ccg then present the focused versions to support the WG Charter proposal?
[2018-05-08T16:45:08.453Z]	<achughes>	manu: yes - a good idea to do this
[2018-05-08T16:45:32.448Z]	<achughes>	manu: it helps ccg to be better coordinated inside the ccg
[2018-05-08T16:46:18.140Z]	<heathervescent>	q=
[2018-05-08T16:46:19.675Z]	<heathervescent>	q+
[2018-05-08T16:46:24.371Z]	<achughes>	manu: ccg Stories - that’s intended to be the longer form versions that we can use ourselves - it is NOT for formal W3C submissions
[2018-05-08T16:46:58.660Z]	<manu>	q+ to mention we shouldn't be spineless either... we should assert that self-administration / self-sovereign is an important requirement.
[2018-05-08T16:46:59.712Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: Community Groups - cannot make standards - but can be used to inform WGs
[2018-05-08T16:47:19.570Z]	<Dave>	I am worried that if we say "I need to create a private set of keys to talk to another person" you haven't motivated WHY I want to do that.
[2018-05-08T16:47:37.650Z]	<achughes>	heathervescent: is there a way for the Stories work to move into the formal W3C flows?
[2018-05-08T16:48:06.314Z]	<achughes>	manu: not really - w3c produces specifications - not use cases
[2018-05-08T16:48:41.509Z]	<achughes>	manu: Stories are powerful for the ccg to help give the context to inform the Specificaitons work
[2018-05-08T16:48:42.480Z]	<dlongley>	Dave: example use cases doc: https://www.w3.org/TR/verifiable-claims-use-cases/
[2018-05-08T16:48:51.510Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ for use case incorporation into eventual W3C docs
[2018-05-08T16:49:25.430Z]	<achughes>	manu: use cases can always refer out to external materials to elaborate motivations and broader context
[2018-05-08T16:49:30.483Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack heathervescent
[2018-05-08T16:49:33.337Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-05-08T16:50:11.339Z]	<achughes>	manu: the stories-style use cases work is strong at RWOT
[2018-05-08T16:50:42.360Z]	<achughes>	heathervescent: sees a gap in w3c process to consider the human interaction - ccg is trying to address by doing the Stories work
[2018-05-08T16:51:06.942Z]	<achughes>	heathervescent: how do we ensure that there’s a stronger link?
[2018-05-08T16:51:22.230Z]	<Dave>	dlongley>> THANKS!!
[2018-05-08T16:51:29.036Z]	<manu>	q+ to explain how this happened for VCWG
[2018-05-08T16:52:14.075Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-05-08T16:52:27.232Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-05-08T16:53:28.590Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: as the VC WG is rewriting use cases for presentation to the world, they are referencing Yoram and Amira use case work - so there’s influence there
[2018-05-08T16:53:42.670Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	s/Yoram/Joram/
[2018-05-08T16:54:10.710Z]	<heathervescent>	Excellent. Thanks Manu.
[2018-05-08T16:54:13.119Z]	<achughes>	manu: a concrete example - when VC WG launched - there were about 12 ‘expectations’ of the ecosystem - these live in the VC spec today - because the ccg took that position at the start
[2018-05-08T16:54:36.538Z]	<achughes>	manu: this was done so that others could not argue those motivations/expectations away
[2018-05-08T16:55:21.995Z]	<heathervescent>	Perfect, that is exactly what I want to ensure.
[2018-05-08T16:55:41.768Z]	<kezike>	q+
[2018-05-08T16:55:44.553Z]	<achughes>	manu: this ccg has a good track record of this approach - describing the human reasons why the tech specs exist the way they do
[2018-05-08T16:56:16.802Z]	<heathervescent>	I am happy to co-lead
[2018-05-08T16:56:18.160Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: signed up to lead but unknown if others have volunteered to lead too
[2018-05-08T16:56:42.031Z]	<achughes>	kezike: is willing to assist in DID Use cases
[2018-05-08T16:56:51.352Z]	<achughes>	heathervescent: is willing to co-lead
[2018-05-08T16:57:27.802Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: what are the next steps?
[2018-05-08T16:57:45.655Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: get 3-5 focal use cases together
[2018-05-08T16:58:02.574Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: short and simple
[2018-05-08T16:58:15.893Z]	<manu>	heathervescent, here's the example that I was talking about https://w3c.github.io/vc-data-model/#use-cases-and-requirements
[2018-05-08T16:58:34.848Z]	<heathervescent>	Thanks manu
[2018-05-08T16:58:38.908Z]	<manu>	heathervescent, read down to "a number of desirable requirements have been identified for this specification" ... all of those came from human-centric stories.
[2018-05-08T16:58:44.997Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: everyone suggest use cases or requirements - at least these will be captured in ccg - some will make it into the DID WG proposal
[2018-05-08T16:59:14.475Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2018-05-08T16:59:30.480Z]	<jungly_>	I'd be happy to volunteer Joe. Kulpreet here.
[2018-05-08T16:59:43.528Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack kezike
[2018-05-08T16:59:43.770Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	LOL. Thanks, Kulpreet
[2018-05-08T16:59:49.513Z]	<achughes>	jungly_: wants to assist on use cases
[2018-05-08T17:00:11.108Z]	<achughes>	JoeAndrieu: wants advice on how to get input on the focal use cases?
[2018-05-08T17:00:21.460Z]	<achughes>	manu: use the email list - you might have to seed the discussion
[2018-05-08T17:01:11.071Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: wants to assist on use cases
[2018-05-08T17:01:19.748Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Actually. I read that Kulpreet, as "I volunteer Joe" instead of "I volunteer, Joe"
[2018-05-08T17:01:38.875Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	I'll send out an email re: use cases
[2018-05-08T17:01:57.059Z]	<rgrant>	if anyone is willing to stay in chat and advise on a couple VOIP issues, please stay!
[2018-05-08T17:01:57.482Z]	<Moses>	bye all!
[2018-05-08T17:02:01.070Z]	<achughes>	ChristopherA: no specific agenda for next week’s call - submit your questions - meeting adjourned
[2018-05-08T17:02:38.622Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2018-05-08T17:02:41.849Z]	<rgrant>	is anyone using Jitsi without an account on some other website?
[2018-05-08T17:02:45.091Z]	<kimhd>	present+ ChristopherA, heathervescent, dlongley, kimhd, Moses, markus_sabadello, nage, Dmitri_Zagidulin, Jungly

