[Tue 11:06:22] <manu>	scribe: dlongley
[Tue 11:06:27] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Feb/0023.html
[Tue 11:07:13] <stonematt>	Our agenda for today: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Feb/0023.html
[Tue 11:07:58] <manu>	+1 to Agenda...
[Tue 11:07:59] <dlongley>	stonematt: Any changes to the agenda?
[Tue 11:08:09] <Varn>	+1 on agenda
[Tue 11:08:31] <jonnycrunch>	+1, but quick review of 1-5
[Tue 11:08:35] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: I'd like to talk about some questions related to the portable reputation kit and being able to talk about evidence or the source of your attribution in some fashion. The main thing I want to figure out is if it's a future item, not figure out how to do it.
[Tue 11:09:04] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: It's fairly short so add as convenient.
[Tue 11:09:10] <dlongley>	stonematt: Let's throw it in around #3.
[Tue 11:09:16] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: Great.
[Tue 11:09:25] <dlongley>	stonematt: Any other changes?
[Tue 11:09:33] <dlongley>	none
[Tue 11:09:44] <manu>	q+ Introductions
[Tue 11:09:44] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: Introductions
[Tue 11:09:59] <dlongley>	manu: Yeah, we have at least one, maybe two new people today.
[Tue 11:10:04] <dlongley>	manu: Getting intros would be good.
[Tue 11:10:10] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to Abbas Ali from R3
[Tue 11:10:18] *	Mattlarson (~Mattlarson@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:10:29] <manu>	voip: 17e is MattLarson
[Tue 11:10:29] <voip-vctf>	Associated MattLarson with SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000017e.
[Tue 11:10:35] <dlongley>	abbas: I just joined, this is my first call. I work at a company called R3, we're a distributed ledger tech company focusing on financial services. Looking at KYC on our Corda platform.
[Tue 11:10:51] <dlongley>	abbas: Based in NY, looking at using the work you've done around Verifiable Claims for use in product and curious to learn more.
[Tue 11:10:55] <dlongley>	stonematt: Great, welcome to the group.
[Tue 11:11:03] <dlongley>	abbas: Thanks.
[Tue 11:11:08] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:11:08] <voip-vctf>	Conference participants are: Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000016e], ColleenK [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000016d], John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000016f], jonnycrunch [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000170], nage [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000171], Varn [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000172], Rob Trainer [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000174], christopherA [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000175], JoeAndrieu [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000177], agropper [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000178], Manu Sporny
[Tue 11:11:08] <voip-vctf>	[SIP/6000-00000179], korb [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000017a], Dave Longley [SIP/6002-0000017b], Adam Lake [SIP/66.37.84.3-0000017c], abbas [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000017d], MattLarson [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000017e].
[Tue 11:11:49] <manu>	Topic: Status of Verifiable Claims WG Creation
[Tue 11:11:43] <dlongley>	stonematt: Status of the VCWG?
[Tue 11:12:54] <dlongley>	manu: It's still slow going, mostly because W3C staff are trying to work through some of the formal objections, but ... Dave Raggett is pretty much on the case. For those that don't know him, he's been involved with W3C from the beginning, author/lead editor of HTML4. Wrote a good response on the current state of affairs that was very fair. Been emailing behind the scenes to deal with the sticking points. As the weeks go on the formal objections are being whittled away at. Still no idea when the group will be created but it should be real soon now.
[Tue 11:13:19] <dlongley>	stonematt: Is addressing the formal objections ... is there a process for the objectors to say "Ok" or does W3C just make a decision and moves on?
[Tue 11:13:49] *	dezell (~dezell@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:14:19] <dlongley>	manu: W3CM just makes a decision and moves on, they modify the charter to address the objections and there's nothing in the process to allow new objections to be raised. They get addressed in the charter and you move on. In general, there has been far too much support for the group to not start it (my personal view); most votes in support for any work at W3C.
[Tue 11:14:46] <dlongley>	manu: We had a handful of large orgs dig their wheels in and say "Don't start the work, full stop." Those types of objections take more time to deal with, they didn't outline what would make them happy.
[Tue 11:14:50] <dlongley>	manu: We're good for the most part.
[Tue 11:14:59] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:14:59] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: Introductions
[Tue 11:15:15] <voip-vctf>	17278084918 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000017f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:15:25] <dezell>	voip: 017f is me
[Tue 11:15:25] <voip-vctf>	Associated dezell with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000017f.
[Tue 11:15:35] <dezell>	present+ dezell
[Tue 11:16:11] <nage>	+1
[Tue 11:16:13] <dlongley>	stonematt: Phil had made a couple of edits to the charter some weeks ago and called out privacy as an issue. Recognizing that was the topic of some of the objections. I'm not sure who's seen that, he edited the charter directly. He called out U-Prove as a technology to look at. From the chairs, we were a little uncomfortable with the language that was put in and we're working to use some alternative content and positioning so we're not going down the path of naming a tech like U-Prove.
[Tue 11:16:21] <manu>	q+ ChristopherA
[Tue 11:16:21] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: Introductions, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:16:30] <manu>	q- Introductions
[Tue 11:16:30] <voip-vctf>	Introductions has been removed from the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:16:42] <dlongley>	stonematt: Richard Varn had put together a note we'll send out in the next day or tomorrow on that topic with some the language we like better that's in this area.
[Tue 11:16:51] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 11:16:51] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:17:00] <manu>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:17:00] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:18:06] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:18:06] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:18:11] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:18:11] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:18:30] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: This is something I would definitely like to take a look at in the sense that I agree and I think it's a requirement that we are able to support selective disclosure approached and future proof ourselves, but it's very very unclear which ones are the appropriate ones to use. And even exactly how what will be required of us to even have that flexibility. There are a number of approaches where U-Prove is more of the more interesting ones because it's been around a while but it also says it's been around a while and it hasn't gotten momentum and there have been improvements in this area since then.
[Tue 11:18:57] <dlongley>	stonematt: I think the way we're positioning the content in the charter is that we don't want to pick a winner and U-Prove has been around a while and hasn't won and we shouldn't call it out in the charter.
[Tue 11:19:06] <dlongley>	stonematt: This will be a topic over the next year or so as we build the spec.
[Tue 11:19:25] <Varn>	this is what we are considering saying:  It will further include privacy impact and mitigation in the design and development of the use cases, requirements, and specifications.
[Tue 11:19:48] <voip-vctf>	19082484252 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000180] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:19:53] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-00000181] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:20:23] <dlongley>	Varn quotes from the charter.
[Tue 11:20:55] <dlongley>	Varn quotes from notes.
[Tue 11:21:16] <manu>	q+
[Tue 11:21:20] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: stonematt, manu
[Tue 11:21:58] <dlongley>	manu: We want to be open and transparent but we need to make sure we keep member-confidential discussions confidential so we can't say more here.
[Tue 11:22:01] <manu>	q-
[Tue 11:22:01] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:22:04] <manu>	q- stonematt
[Tue 11:22:04] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 11:22:44] <manu>	+1 to getting back to just the mailing list.
[Tue 11:23:03] <dlongley>	stonematt: I'm adding another topic; our agenda today goes out to a W3C mailing list and some individuals. I'd like to just get back to that being just a list. If you're one of the ones that's outside of the list, please join the group and the mailing list and reach out to us off line if you don't so we know why you haven't.
[Tue 11:23:27] *	manu dezell are you 908 area code?
[Tue 11:23:33] <dlongley>	Topic: Sandbox for the implementers to work on
[Tue 11:24:11] <dlongley>	stonematt: In other projects like JSON-LD there is a sandbox online where you can submit docs and validate them in real time. We've had some discussions about that for VC and I know the acclaim team has a VC example and we are looking for a way to test it.
[Tue 11:24:15] <manu>	q+ to discuss sandbox for verifiable claims - source code repo...
[Tue 11:24:15] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:24:24] <dlongley>	stonematt: Implementers want to make sure they are producing the right stuff.
[Tue 11:24:35] <dlongley>	stonematt: I'd like to get some thinking about it and some volunteers for putting something like that online.
[Tue 11:25:22] <voip-vctf>	19087694252 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000182] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:26:01] <dlongley>	ChristopherA: I've commissioned and contracted with Noah (and one other) -- and had them do some work with bitcoin signatures and to begin work on a VC playground. They are doing it as they can at this point. I've also been talking with Markus Sabello who did one for XDI and that's some Java playground -- there's some work there and I welcome other participation and hopefully multilanguage.
[Tue 11:26:01] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:26:01] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:26:16] <stonematt>	ack manu
[Tue 11:26:16] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to discuss sandbox for verifiable claims - source code repo...).
[Tue 11:27:15] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:27:16] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:27:19] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:27:19] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:28:37] <dlongley>	manu: This is something that the group desperately needs. The good news is that there has been some recent revamp to the JSON-LD playground integrating bitcoin signatures with Harlan and Noah and that's great. There's an initiative for further digital signature work and there's a playground for them. Christopher and Noah are working on Linked Data Signatures for the bitcoin curve and Digital Bazaar is working on some stuff with Javascript and python implementations and Gregg Kellogg is working on a Ruby implementation potentially. And others have worked on various playgrounds. We have all the ingredients coming together, someone just has to sit down and do the work. It only took one person a weekend or two to do the first cut of a playground, so not a lot of work. It's something we really need to do, we at least have the base libraries to have a VC playground with RSA and bitcoin curve signatures. Just a matter of getting a team together and working on code for a week.
[Tue 11:29:00] <dlongley>	stonematt: Should we make, in the github, VCTF repo, a playground project or series of projects and collect the code there?
[Tue 11:30:13] <dlongley>	manu: Yes, and we could publish through github pages that's the playground and it would let us manage and contribute to it through github. We know how to do all that stuff and it's a good way to do it. We can get Christopher, Noah, Harlan, etc. everyone working on that, hosted on github. We should have a separate repo and I can create that if folks are ok with that on the call today. The other thing we want to do  that Christopher mentioned is having a repo for VC and we want the spec to support education, financial, healthcare, etc. and collect examples of claims so we can put those in and use them.
[Tue 11:30:34] <dlongley>	manu: I don't know where those go (in the playground or a separate place) that's another topic to discuss. If the group wants this, we can move to put it together.
[Tue 11:30:35] <stonematt>	+1
[Tue 11:30:39] <JohnTib>	+1
[Tue 11:30:40] <ChristopherA>	+1
[Tue 11:30:40] <stonematt>	+1 to make playground on github
[Tue 11:30:41] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 11:30:44] <nage>	+1 from me as well
[Tue 11:30:46] <jonnycrunch>	+1
[Tue 11:30:51] <manu>	ACTION: Manu to create github repo for Verifiable Claims Playground.
[Tue 11:31:31] *	dezell thinks "playground" implies lego characters...
[Tue 11:31:35] <dlongley>	stonematt: Christopher if you're looking for other volunteers, I think we have some Ruby skills on the Acclaim team so we may be able to contribute there. I'm not sure how to engage.
[Tue 11:31:54] *	manu dezell yes, and... :P
[Tue 11:32:14] <dlongley>	Christopher: Maybe an implementers mailing list, just for people who are focused on writing the code and sharing. One of my main things is ... as I'm talking with various customers and such and we need as many languages as we possibly can that serve enterprise and Ruby is definitely one of them.
[Tue 11:32:22] <dlongley>	stonematt: I like the idea of an implementers mailing list.
[Tue 11:32:41] <dlongley>	manu: This is the implementers discussion and mailing list. W3C likes to have discussions and code grounded stuff, etc. this is that group.
[Tue 11:32:53] <dlongley>	stonematt: So move away from philosophy and into implementation soon.
[Tue 11:32:55] <dlongley>	manu: Yes.
[Tue 11:33:02] <dlongley>	stonematt: Anything more on the playground?
[Tue 11:33:06] <dlongley>	nothing
[Tue 11:33:18] <dlongley>	Topic:  Action Item Review
[Tue 11:33:25] <stonematt>	running action items: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XIRn3VltrK_Dxqz0VyDxPi265sW47EMSKVKUXmMkI70/edit#gid=0
[Tue 11:33:46] *	dlongley i dont' have read access
[Tue 11:35:41] <dlongley>	manu: I think everyone should be able to see the task list (my personal opinion).
[Tue 11:36:09] <dlongley>	manu: Anyone with the link can access and comment.
[Tue 11:37:50] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:37:50] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt
[Tue 11:38:13] <dlongley>	JoeAndrieu: I closed the one that was mine (1/31), I just want to make sure I understood the use case. I wasn't clear if this was meant to be an ongoing thing where I keep updating issues as we keep going.
[Tue 11:38:32] <dlongley>	JoeAndrieu: https://github.com/opencreds/vc-use-cases/issues/38
[Tue 11:39:05] <dlongley>	JoeAndrieu: The language in the action is very open; I understood the action to be able the specific notes for that meeting.
[Tue 11:39:40] <dlongley>	manu: I think you did the right thing but this is a good example of an issue where it's unclear when it's closed. This is a note to folks that raise issues, make sure the issue you raise is actionable and we know when it needs to be closed.
[Tue 11:39:59] <dlongley>	stonematt: That's a good reminder, evidence of success and know "when we're done".
[Tue 11:40:13] <dlongley>	stonematt: If we got this content in the use case document, then we should close the issue in github as well and stop tracking it there as well.
[Tue 11:40:36] <dlongley>	JoeAndrieu: I'd like to clarify; I took the action item to about getting my notes from the meeting. I would not have closed it if the issue was done.
[Tue 11:40:56] <manu>	+1 to closing issues quickly, we don't want issues standing out there for a long time.
[Tue 11:40:58] <dlongley>	stonematt: If we get to the point where an issue in github can be closed, I'd like to. We have a long list of issues already running, some have quite a lot of activity on them and others don't.
[Tue 11:41:04] <dlongley>	stonematt: Let's drive towrads getting issues closed.
[Tue 11:41:05] <manu>	(as long as the issue has been resolved, of course)
[Tue 11:41:14] <jonnycrunch>	q+
[Tue 11:41:14] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has been added to the queue: stonematt, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:41:25] <dlongley>	JoeAndrieu: I think this action item is closed, I don't think the issue is closed.
[Tue 11:41:26] <JoeAndrieu>	The issue https://github.com/opencreds/vc-use-cases/issues/38 still deserves some work
[Tue 11:41:28] <dlongley>	stonematt: Ok.
[Tue 11:41:50] <dlongley>	stonematt: That's fine, as we see activity on the issue ... in our chair meetings we'll add new action items and discussion topics. That's ok to me.
[Tue 11:41:53] <dlongley>	JoeAndrieu: Ok, great.
[Tue 11:42:11] *	dlongley dan burnett not present
[Tue 11:42:34] <dlongley>	JoeAndrieu: There was an action I took last week that I haven't made much progress yet but I just added to the list.
[Tue 11:42:49] <dlongley>	stonematt: I'd like to move on through the rest of the agenda, I don't think we'll get through everything today.
[Tue 11:42:57] <jonnycrunch>	q-
[Tue 11:42:57] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has been removed from the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:43:06] *	dlongley time for Christopher's additional item, right?
[Tue 11:43:20] <manu>	Topic: Face to Face Meeting Opportunities
[Tue 11:43:21] <dlongley>	stonematt: I sent a note out last week for F2F activities.
[Tue 11:43:23] <stonematt>	https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19Ndqc5pLsTu2ZmP4Wy7OlMOmskQFHPh28sMjW3ugsww/edit#gid=0
[Tue 11:43:24] *	dlongley thx manu
[Tue 11:44:05] <dlongley>	stonematt: We don't have a F2F scheduled; we're on hold until the WG is created before we can book that. We'll go to this list when the WG is created to see if there's a convenient event we can coordinate with. If you have any others that you can add, that would be great.
[Tue 11:44:43] <dlongley>	Christopher: RWoT on April 19th will be discussing VC implementations. It is a work item at that group. It's not a recommendation as far as an official F2F, but if you're interested in VC and want to meet other implementers it's an important part of the gruop.
[Tue 11:44:55] <dlongley>	stonematt: Anyone else planning on going to Paris for that?
[Tue 11:44:59] <dlongley>	manu: DB is going.
[Tue 11:45:03] <agropper>	I'm going
[Tue 11:45:03] <dlongley>	JoeAndrieu: I'll also be there
[Tue 11:45:11] <dlongley>	jonnycrunch: I'm trying to.
[Tue 11:45:25] <dlongley>	stonematt: We'll look for an update on that, sounds like a great opportunity.
[Tue 11:45:50] *	dlongley reminder of Christopher's item
[Tue 11:46:00] <dlongley>	Topic: Portable Reputation Kit
[Tue 11:46:19] *	stonematt thanks dlongley
[Tue 11:47:25] <dlongley>	Christopher: There are two different things that have emerged that may be related or not. The first has to do with ... it feels that there's two classes of broad classes of assertions. I've run into this multiple times now. The first class of assertion has to do with somebody who has total authority over something. The simple example is twitter as an org has total authority over the fact that I hold `@ChristopherA`, it's theirs. That's different from say, keybase, who says that Christopher has possession of `@ChristopherA`, but we're not the party that has ultimate control of that.
[Tue 11:48:08] <manu>	q+ to note how this has parallels with education use cases - we have verified the transcript, but we aren't the one that issued it.
[Tue 11:48:10] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: stonematt, manu
[Tue 11:48:11] <dlongley>	Christopher: This has come up in other cases, there's a company in Paris that will be at RwoT that basically has the right to be able to create VC based on some French databases. They themselves are not the controllers of the data, they are just allowed to say "Yes, this person is associated with this data and we've validated it second hand."
[Tue 11:48:15] <manu>	ack stonematt 
[Tue 11:48:15] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:48:18] <jonnycrunch>	q+
[Tue 11:48:18] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has been added to the queue: manu, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:48:18] <agropper>	q+
[Tue 11:48:18] <nage>	so perhaps the idea of an authority vs a notary?
[Tue 11:48:18] <voip-vctf>	agropper has been added to the queue: manu, jonnycrunch, agropper
[Tue 11:48:27] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:48:27] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, jonnycrunch, agropper
[Tue 11:49:09] <dlongley>	Christopher: That's one area. The reason I bring up the Portable Reputation Kit is that they ran into something similar. They want these reputation statements and such where various parties could evaluate the evidence in different ways. Someone is making a claim then someone is making an eval of that claim. They separated the assertion from the eval and had the ability to link the evidence. "Here's the proof outside my assertion and where to go for that."
[Tue 11:49:28] <dlongley>	Christopher: I didn't want to solve that problem in that short time. Is this out of scope, is it something I've missed somewhere in the spec or what?
[Tue 11:49:31] <stonematt>	ack manu
[Tue 11:49:31] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note how this has parallels with education use cases - we have verified the transcript, but we aren't the one that issued it.).
[Tue 11:49:48] <abbas>	q+
[Tue 11:49:48] <voip-vctf>	abbas has been added to the queue: jonnycrunch, agropper, abbas
[Tue 11:50:01] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:50:01] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: jonnycrunch, agropper, abbas
[Tue 11:50:12] <dlongley>	manu: Two things, first is to point out how this has parallels with the education use cases. Like, you have orgs that could verify a transcript aren't the ones that issued it. Orgs can verify they checked a driver's license, but they didn't issue it. It's a very important use case and class of use cases that spans a variety of industries.
[Tue 11:50:51] <abbas>	q-
[Tue 11:50:51] <voip-vctf>	abbas has been removed from the queue: jonnycrunch, agropper
[Tue 11:51:01] <stonematt>	ack  jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:51:09] <dlongley>	manu: The second point is that the way the current spec tries to address this is that the signer asserting something, based on out of band knowledge you can know if they are the data provider or just a verifier of it. THat's a bad way of doing it and we should be semantically clear about what is being said. From DB's perspective this is very much in scope and if we can have a cross industry way of doing it it would be fantastic.
[Tue 11:51:09] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:51:09] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: jonnycrunch, agropper
[Tue 11:51:46] <manu>	ack jonnycrunch 
[Tue 11:51:46] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has the floor.
[Tue 11:51:55] <dlongley>	jonnycrunch: The challenge is that the self-assert, and you say who is allowed to revoke it, you're setting yourself up for trouble. Within the claim you can validate and say "here's a list of public keys that could revoke this" ... I understand the dilemma, that's just more of a comment than a question.
[Tue 11:51:56] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:51:56] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: agropper
[Tue 11:52:03] <stonematt>	ack agropper
[Tue 11:52:03] <voip-vctf>	agropper has the floor.
[Tue 11:52:05] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:52:05] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:52:49] <voip-vctf>	John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-0000016f] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:52:57] *	JohnTib has quit ("Textual IRC Client: www.textualapp.com")
[Tue 11:53:32] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:53:32] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:53:34] <dlongley>	agropper: This is a very important thing to deal with. In the healthcare use case we have the medical society as a well known place to verify a credential. The issue here is that the medical society isn't issuing the license. The medical society doesn't want to assume the liability necessarily because there's a licensed professional involved, the doctor/prescriber that carries all the liability. That's exactly the issue we're talking about here very clearly laid out and I also agree the revocation responsbility has to be factored in. We have this separation where is there a well known place that's the equivalent of a CA in the old world and how do they transfer and not take the responsibility away from the user, in this case the prescriber.
[Tue 11:53:44] <jonnycrunch>	q+
[Tue 11:53:44] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has been added to the queue: stonematt, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:53:50] <dlongley>	Christopher: Any one have thoughts on the evidence and evaluation side of it?
[Tue 11:53:59] <manu>	q+ to say evidence is also shared w/ education.
[Tue 11:53:59] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: stonematt, jonnycrunch, manu
[Tue 11:54:00] <dlongley>	stonematt: Before we jump into that I had a quick question.
[Tue 11:54:07] <manu>	ack stonematt 
[Tue 11:54:07] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:54:53] <dlongley>	stonematt: Sounds like we have several use cases that imply or explicitly have this need. In terms of our terminology with issuer/holder/repo/service provider, how does the responsibility fall? Are we talking about a service provider that is working as an agent of the issuer? That is verifying these credentials on behalf of the issuer? How does this fit into our architecture more generically speaking?
[Tue 11:56:28] <dlongley>	Christopher: I've been pondering this for a while, twitter is an easy case to understand. Other examples in OAuth. A party being able to verify that a particular value is ... somebody had possession of something at the time of oauth/or editing at twitter/ at the time of editing a DNS record. Later they can revoke it later if they noticed it has changed. Twitter who is the ultimate authority. There is going to be a lot of stuff in the transition, there will be people like twitter, small companies, governments, there will be people that [missed].
[Tue 11:56:50] <dlongley>	Christopher: I don't know what the right word is ... "first party and second party" claims is the best I've come up with so far.
[Tue 11:56:53] *	dlongley perhaps endorsement
[Tue 11:57:15] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:57:15] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: jonnycrunch, manu
[Tue 11:57:20] <jonnycrunch>	in Medicine.  I can make a self claim that I am licensed in TN and Board Certified by the American Board of Internal Medicine. The TTP, the American Board of Medical Specialties aggregates the certs of daughter boards, but they themselves won't ever revoke a cert, they only point to the source of truth.  So the issue is how does the State of TN sign my VC and add the ability to attest that they work with certain TTP the ability to revoke. My point[CUT]
[Tue 11:57:20] <jonnycrunch>	revocation list needs to be in the signature.
[Tue 11:57:26] <dlongley>	Christopher: Revoking is a different thing. It's not necessarily twitter's public key in the second party ... you're checking to see if the second party has run into any kinds of things.
[Tue 11:57:30] <jonnycrunch>	q-
[Tue 11:57:30] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has been removed from the queue: manu
[Tue 11:57:36] <manu>	q-
[Tue 11:57:36] <voip-vctf>	manu has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 11:58:21] *	colleen has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 11:58:24] <dlongley>	stonematt: Maybe we should take an action item... something that's an explicit use case or a set of requirements that refer to the use cases we've already identified. That requirements doc has been going pretty quickly. Can we get someone to take a requirements+use cases with this idea in mind and suggest a use case or a requirement that would address it?
[Tue 11:58:36] <dlongley>	jonnycrunch: We have an issue about revocation.
[Tue 11:58:42] <nage>	the trouble with having primary vs secondary authorities is that it needs some type of centralized registry or inventory of which entities have such authority which creates an interesting set of governance issues.
[Tue 11:58:45] <dlongley>	Christopher: But it's not just about revocation.
[Tue 11:58:56] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:58:56] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:59:00] <dlongley>	Christopher: Not specific to revocation, it impacts it. It may apply to all use cases.
[Tue 11:59:01] <manu>	ACTION: Christopher Allen to introduce Portable Reputation Toolkit use cases (first party vs. second party claims)
[Tue 11:59:11] *	dlongley it's an endorsement/delegation/first/second party claim issue
[Tue 11:59:29] <dlongley>	stonematt: It sounds like it's a blend of endorsement and delegation.
[Tue 11:59:56] <dlongley>	Christopher: Maybe, you could say there's a third category. I directly absolutely control this data and this authority and then there's somebody I've given agency to do so and then there's just somebody that's validated it.
[Tue 12:00:35] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 12:00:35] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.

[Tue 12:01:11] *	dlongley sorry, didn't see you had already put that action up there
[Tue 12:01:14] <jonnycrunch>	I'd be happy to contribute to the medical cred claims.
[Tue 12:01:26] <dlongley>	stonematt: Ok, I think we're out of time.
[Tue 12:02:05] <dlongley>	Present+ longley, holt, stone, sporny, trainer, abbas, lehn, nage, lake, stone, kenneddy, varn, ChristopherA, andrieu, gropper, korb, larson, ezell
