[Tue 11:05:36] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2016Dec/0021.html
[Tue 11:05:37] <Varn>	scribe: Varn
[Tue 11:05:42] <manu>	voip: 255 is AdamMigus
[Tue 11:05:42] <voip-vctf>	Associated AdamMigus with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000255.
[Tue 11:06:18] <voip-vctf>	Unknown [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000257] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:33] <Varn>	Matt: WG vote has been submitted to the AC, here's our agenda for today.
[Tue 11:06:44] <stonematt>	1. Vote for Verifiable Claims WG is open - Vote!
[Tue 11:06:44] <stonematt>	2. Use of JSON/JSON-LD in spec[2]
[Tue 11:06:44] <stonematt>	3. Use of WebIDL in spec[3]
[Tue 11:06:46] <stonematt>	4. Privacy Section Discussion[1]
[Tue 11:06:48] <stonematt>	5. Brief intro to github pull requests
[Tue 11:06:50] <stonematt>	6. Reference library discussion (javascript/python)

[Tue 11:06:52] <stonematt>	7. the role of digital claims (Tim Holborn)
[Tue 11:06:56] *	gwillen (~gwillen@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:07:01] <manu>	voip: 257 is JoeAndrieu
[Tue 11:07:01] <voip-vctf>	Associated JoeAndrieu with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000257.
[Tue 11:07:14] <voip-vctf>	LesChasen [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000024f] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:07:23] *	dlongley is Tim on the call?
[Tue 11:07:48] <voip-vctf>	14146651444 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000258] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:08:14] <manu>	voip: 258 is Les
[Tue 11:08:15] <voip-vctf>	Associated Les with SIP/69.65.34.216-00000258.
[Tue 11:08:26] <Varn>	Matt: Let's move reference library up in agenda to now
[Tue 11:08:42] <voip-vctf>	14103367698 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000259] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:08:45] *	Adam_ has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:08:46] <jonnycrunch>	voip: 060 is jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:08:47] <voip-vctf>	Failed to associate "060"; unrecognized channel.
[Tue 11:08:50] <stonematt>	move point 6. reference library to point 2. in the agenda
[Tue 11:08:56] <manu>	Topic: Vote for Verifiable Claims WG is Open
[Tue 11:09:04] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/2002/09/wbs/33280/VCWG/
[Tue 11:09:22] <manu>	q+ to say a bit about this
[Tue 11:09:22] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:09:50] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:09:50] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to say a bit about this).
[Tue 11:10:15] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:10:15] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:10:23] <Varn>	Manu: must be a w3c member to vote.  Still time to join.
[Tue 11:10:41] *	Shantanu (~Shantanu@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:11:13] <Varn>	manu: I've been encouraging people to vote via email especially to those who expressed interest and support.  manu will send you instructions on how to join and vote
[Tue 11:11:37] *	manu Varn - make sure you put 'nameOfPerson: what they said'
[Tue 11:12:23] <Varn>	manu:  if you are a member get you AC rep to follow the link and vote
[Tue 11:12:49] <jonnycrunch>	Is there a secret hand-shake if I join?
[Tue 11:12:52] *	burn Richard, just the name, then a colon, then a space, then what they said
[Tue 11:13:05] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-0000025b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:13:11] <manu>	of course there is a secret handshake. :)
[Tue 11:13:13] *	manu :P
[Tue 11:13:31] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:13:31] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:13:59] <manu>	q+ to say I have that
[Tue 11:13:59] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: stonematt, manu
[Tue 11:14:04] <manu>	ack stonematt 
[Tue 11:14:04] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:14:23] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:14:23] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:14:27] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:14:27] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to say I have that).
[Tue 11:14:35] <stonematt>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:14:35] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:14:54] <Varn>	manu: will send out a call to action on the vote.  feel free to reuse it to encourage others you know.
[Tue 11:16:14] <Varn>	manu: don't forget to vote mail as well as recruiting emails will go out
[Tue 11:16:49] *	dlongley +1 to manu
[Tue 11:16:52] *	dlongley and all his effort
[Tue 11:17:14] <stonematt>	+1 for manu's persistence
[Tue 11:17:20] <burn>	+1 thanks Manu
[Tue 11:17:34] <stonematt>	ack jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:17:34] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:17:52] *	manu yaay!
[Tue 11:18:00] *	manu puts jonnycrunch on the list of people to pester.
[Tue 11:18:19] <Varn>	jonnycrunch: is making appeals to people to join the W3C and vote
[Tue 11:18:38] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:18:38] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:19:12] <Varn>	manu: we are looking to garner 30-50 votes
[Tue 11:19:19] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:19:19] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:19:42] *	manu Varn ... no "s/" - just the persons name, a colon, and what they said
[Tue 11:19:47] *	burn richard, be sure to use a colon rather than an s and a slash.  The latter is used to replace earlier text
[Tue 11:19:52] *	manu so "manu: we are looking to garner..."
[Tue 11:20:00] *	manu thx :)
[Tue 11:20:21] <manu>	Topic: Reference Libraries
[Tue 11:20:25] *	manu :)
[Tue 11:20:40] *	burn thinks great minds think alike . . .
[Tue 11:21:07] <manu>	Useful links: https://w3c-dvcg.github.io/
[Tue 11:21:12] <stonematt>	ChristopherA: looking for signature compatibility with bitcoin/koblitz
[Tue 11:21:27] <manu>	more specifically - We're talking about implementations for this: https://w3c-dvcg.github.io/lds-koblitz2016/
[Tue 11:21:30] <jonnycrunch>	For the notes:  Specifically, I am working on getting the American Board of Medical Specialties (ABMS) the group that verifies board certification for physicians in the US to join the W3C and sponsor me to represent them.  I am an advisor to the Database and Information Technology and during our last meeting I gave them a briefing regarding the importance of this work.
[Tue 11:21:52] <manu>	+1 jonnycrunch! That would be great!
[Tue 11:22:13] <Varn>	christopherA:  looking for python libraries to support signatures
[Tue 11:22:35] <manu>	We're trying to do the Python implementations here: https://github.com/Spec-Ops/pyld-signatures
[Tue 11:23:10] <stonematt>	ChristopherA: making libraries in JavaScript and Python in order to show interoperability
[Tue 11:23:19] *	manu Varn - great, just like that.
[Tue 11:23:37] *	Drummond (~Drummond@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:23:53] <stonematt>	ChristopherA: 1) where should these be hosted, 2) what other requirements to move these forward, 3) small honarium available to move it forward
[Tue 11:24:00] <Varn>	christopherA:  javascript and python to be used as they have supporters and by using both we show interoperability. who else interested. where to host.  what other requirements to move forward.  he has a small discretionary honoria type budget to help.
[Tue 11:24:19] <manu>	q+ to mention why this is important wrt. W3C implementations.
[Tue 11:24:20] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:24:24] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:24:24] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:24:42] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:24:42] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:24:46] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:24:46] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to mention why this is important wrt. W3C implementations.).
[Tue 11:24:48] *	erkorb_rm (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:24:50] <Varn>	willen:  part of rebooting reputation poc
[Tue 11:26:00] <ChristopherA>	The Proof of Concept from #RebootingWebOfTrust of a Portable Reputation Toolkit: https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/portable-reputation-toolkit
[Tue 11:26:00] *	dlongley gregg has written quite a bit in Ruby as well
[Tue 11:26:12] <Varn>	manu:  need two interopberable representations to be a valid standard so this work on python and js linked data signatures would meet the bar for exiting the standards world but more would be welcome like ruby
[Tue 11:26:26] <manu>	https://github.com/Spec-Ops/pyld-signatures
[Tue 11:26:54] <jonnycrunch>	please add me @jonnycrunch on github
[Tue 11:27:08] <Varn>	manu: can use this repository.  posted above. just ask.
[Tue 11:27:18] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:27:18] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:27:21] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:27:21] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:27:31] <voip-vctf>	19082515759 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000025c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:27:53] <manu>	voip: 25c is Korb
[Tue 11:27:53] <voip-vctf>	Associated Korb with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000025c.
[Tue 11:27:59] *	dlongley jonnycrunch: sent you an invite on github to the repo
[Tue 11:28:10] <Varn>	ChristopherA: time stamps and open time stamps need work and a home
[Tue 11:28:22] <manu>	q+ to answer matt
[Tue 11:28:23] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: stonematt, manu
[Tue 11:28:28] <manu>	ack stonematt 
[Tue 11:28:28] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:28:30] <ChristopherA>	There is a slack so far at #RebootingWebOfTrust
[Tue 11:28:42] <ChristopherA>	It doesn't have to be there.
[Tue 11:29:08] <ChristopherA>	weboftrust.slack.comn
[Tue 11:29:16] <Varn>	manu:  stone what irc and server will we use and manu answered that we will get a vcwg irc channel
[Tue 11:29:20] <gkellogg>	The WG may also choose to create a mailing list specifically for developers.
[Tue 11:29:21] <ChristopherA>	ooops, weboftrustinfo.slack.com
[Tue 11:29:46] <gkellogg>	Or, a vcwg-comments mailing list.
[Tue 11:29:48] <ChristopherA>	Yes, koblitz and timestamping are not likely WG work.
[Tue 11:30:10] <manu>	https://w3c-dvcg.github.io/lds-koblitz2016/
[Tue 11:30:26] <Varn>	manu: will use the irc channel.  wot slack channel will do out of scope discussion and other communications forums will support the work we do on official channels.  like work on koblitz.
[Tue 11:30:35] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:30:35] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 11:30:38] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:30:38] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to answer matt).
[Tue 11:31:17] <JohnTib>	q+
[Tue 11:31:17] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib has been added to the queue: JohnTib
[Tue 11:31:47] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:31:47] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JohnTib
[Tue 11:31:47] <Varn>	ChristopherA:  would like to see a library of to the spec ideas for further definition and work
[Tue 11:31:47] <jonnycrunch>	uPort from Consensys, not sure if they conform to standard
[Tue 11:31:54] <stonematt>	ack JohnTib
[Tue 11:31:54] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib has the floor.
[Tue 11:31:54] <manu>	ack JohnTib 
[Tue 11:31:54] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:32:07] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:32:07] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:32:18] *	MattLarson (~MattLarson@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:32:25] <jonnycrunch>	q+
[Tue 11:32:25] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has been added to the queue: stonematt, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:32:26] <ChristopherA>	I'd like to see a verifiable claims repo of examples of verifiable claims
[Tue 11:32:42] <burn>	ack stonematt
[Tue 11:32:42] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:32:44] <manu>	q+ to ask if we want a github repo of examples?
[Tue 11:32:44] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: jonnycrunch, manu
[Tue 11:32:46] <Varn>	JohnTib:  that extended transcript work related to competency based ed from IMS rebooted this morning to be redone and put into the current vctf structure and format to be shared as done to this group
[Tue 11:32:46] <ChristopherA>	and maybe a wishlist (an easy one: I am a person"
[Tue 11:33:14] *	manu not really
[Tue 11:34:02] <manu>	q+ to mention verifiable claims playground
[Tue 11:34:02] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: jonnycrunch, manu, manu
[Tue 11:34:04] <Varn>	Larson: on Acclaim team from pearson and he is working on a signed OBI vc.  wants to be able to verify that his signature is correct
[Tue 11:34:12] <burn>	q?
[Tue 11:34:12] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: jonnycrunch, manu, manu
[Tue 11:34:21] <burn>	ack jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:34:21] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has the floor.
[Tue 11:34:25] <Varn>	Larson:  that way we will have a vc from Acclaim
[Tue 11:34:26] <ChristopherA>	Yeah @stonematt!
[Tue 11:34:31] <stonematt>	:)
[Tue 11:35:13] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:35:13] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, manu
[Tue 11:35:16] <stonematt>	ack manu
[Tue 11:35:16] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to ask if we want a github repo of examples?).
[Tue 11:35:20] <Varn>	manu:  key management in scope for wot but not vcwg
[Tue 11:35:54] <Varn>	manu:  christopher reply--we should collect our various examples into one place on GH.
[Tue 11:35:58] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:35:58] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to mention verifiable claims playground).
[Tue 11:36:01] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:36:01] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:36:31] <burn>	+1 manu, the playground would be great
[Tue 11:36:39] <stonematt>	+1 playground
[Tue 11:36:43] <manu>	http://json-ld.org/playground/
[Tue 11:37:13] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:37:13] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:37:23] <ChristopherA>	This playground does have ability to sign with a koblitz key (
[Tue 11:37:26] <Varn>	manu:  a number of us have been talking about a vc playground to create one, digital key signed, and seeing if the are formatted correctly and valid.  Digital bazaar will work on creating the playground separate from the digital sig and LD sig playground.  if you are interested in working on that let us know.
[Tue 11:38:05] <ChristopherA>	a bitcoin private key starts with L)
[Tue 11:38:05] <Varn>	manu: will put a repository on open creds for now for vc examples
[Tue 11:38:28] <manu>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-examples
[Tue 11:39:26] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:39:26] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:39:38] <stonematt>	q+ ruby status
[Tue 11:39:38] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: stonematt
[Tue 11:40:01] <burn>	ack stonematt
[Tue 11:40:01] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor (ruby status).
[Tue 11:40:15] *	manu done, everyone has been added
[Tue 11:40:30] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:40:30] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:40:38] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:40:38] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA
[Tue 11:40:41] <stonematt>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 11:40:41] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 11:40:48] <Drummond>	Manu, please add me as well
[Tue 11:41:05] *	manu Drummond done
[Tue 11:41:18] <Drummond>	Note that I'm not on the call yet - just monitoring the chat - had a conflict - will join shortly
[Tue 11:41:25] <manu>	q+ to note test suites
[Tue 11:41:32] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:41:36] *	dlongley and ShaneM isn't here today :)
[Tue 11:41:41] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:41:41] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note test suites).
[Tue 11:41:41] <Varn>	ChristopherA:  what is the nature of a conforming task.  would like to take X and run it through various tools like JSON-LD, VC, Python one, Ruby one, and validate it.  likely a topic for test suites discussion.
[Tue 11:42:15] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:42:15] <voip-vctf>	The speaker queue is empty.
[Tue 11:42:34] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 11:42:52] <manu>	Topic: Use of JSON/JSON-LD in spec
[Tue 11:42:56] <manu>	https://github.com/opencreds/vc-data-model/issues/27
[Tue 11:44:06] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:44:06] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:44:07] <jonnycrunch>	q+
[Tue 11:44:07] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has been added to the queue: dlongley, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:44:12] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:44:12] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:44:57] <burn>	ack dlongley
[Tue 11:44:57] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor.
[Tue 11:45:00] <stonematt>	ack dlongley
[Tue 11:45:00] <voip-vctf>	dlongley isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:45:03] <Varn>	manu:  question is do we put JSON-LD up front or keep it hidden. thinks we keep in hidden and not require it as some will work better with JSON and others would be expecting JSON LD so better to not require it and would be unhappily surprised
[Tue 11:45:50] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:45:50] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: jonnycrunch, stonematt
[Tue 11:45:56] <JohnTib>	+1 on Dave's description
[Tue 11:45:57] <Varn>	dlongley:  start off simply with JSON and add other more complex and rich claims can say then how LD is helpful but not required for less complex forms
[Tue 11:46:14] <burn>	ack jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:46:14] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has the floor.
[Tue 11:46:35] <dlongley>	to be clear, they should always be JSON-LD, but for simpler claims, most people should be able to write software that doesn't need to do any processing.
[Tue 11:46:49] <JohnTib>	q+
[Tue 11:46:49] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib has been added to the queue: stonematt, JohnTib
[Tue 11:47:01] <dlongley>	so i'm not suggesting we don't use JSON-LD for simple claims, but that we don't require processing for many basic, useful applications
[Tue 11:47:13] <dlongley>	so it behaves like JSON, but keeps its semantics.
[Tue 11:47:17] <burn>	ack stonematt
[Tue 11:47:17] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:47:19] <Varn>	jonnycrunch: need address meaning/semantics in the model
[Tue 11:47:23] <voip-vctf>	12066188530 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000025d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:47:52] <manu>	q+ to note that there are a number of anti JSON-LD folks at W3C... primarily, the browser vendors. So, it's all JSON-LD, but expressed as JSON.
[Tue 11:47:52] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: JohnTib, manu
[Tue 11:47:55] <burn>	voip: 25d is Drummond
[Tue 11:47:55] <voip-vctf>	Associated Drummond with SIP/69.65.34.216-0000025d.
[Tue 11:47:58] <Varn>	stonematt: data model independent of implementation technology has confounds and overlaps in real world
[Tue 11:48:38] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:48:38] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: JohnTib, manu
[Tue 11:49:19] <stonematt>	ack JohnTib
[Tue 11:49:19] <voip-vctf>	JohnTib has the floor.
[Tue 11:49:23] <jonnycrunch>	+1 for semantic interoperability
[Tue 11:49:27] <dlongley>	q+ to say it's easy to get too simple and lose compatibility with (or even the ability to do) more complex forms
[Tue 11:49:27] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has been added to the queue: manu, dlongley
[Tue 11:49:30] <Varn>	JohnTib: dave longley expressed what he was trying to get as well.  the underlying data model is a graph not a hierarchy for vc. certain simply reps can be thought of in a JSON POV but other implementations require a graph way of thinking and implementing
[Tue 11:49:37] <stonematt>	+1 for "it's a graph, not a hierarchy"
[Tue 11:49:43] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:49:43] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, dlongley
[Tue 11:49:45] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:49:45] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note that there are a number of anti JSON-LD folks at W3C... primarily, the browser vendors. So, it's all JSON-LD, but expressed as JSON.).
[Tue 11:51:38] <jonnycrunch>	q+
[Tue 11:51:38] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has been added to the queue: dlongley, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:51:56] <Varn>	manu: answering matt's q--we have to talk in the wg to address the spec in the abstract and still address the realities of real implementations.  the data model is a graph. we want semantic interop.  need a way to not shun those who do not know some of the more up to date current languages and methods. make it so they do not have to know the new to participate.
[Tue 11:52:01] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:52:01] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:52:41] <Drummond>	So, simple question for Manu: is the ultimate spec going to use JSON-LD or just plain JSON?
[Tue 11:53:12] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:53:12] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: dlongley, jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:53:23] <stonematt>	q+
[Tue 11:53:23] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has been added to the queue: dlongley, jonnycrunch, stonematt
[Tue 11:53:23] <Varn>	manu:  also note we prefer to use JLD, but many are alergic to it among browser makers for sure and think there is no need for JSON-LD. need to meet the criticism and do it in a way to make both sides happy as has been show or discussed lately
[Tue 11:53:32] <stonematt>	ack dlongley
[Tue 11:53:32] <voip-vctf>	dlongley has the floor (to say it's easy to get too simple and lose compatibility with (or even the ability to do) more complex forms).
[Tue 11:54:19] <stonematt>	+1 to maintain support for the more complex and composed claims
[Tue 11:55:11] <manu>	q+ to answer Drummond... it'll be JSON-LD (hopefully), but many simple examples will look like just plain 'ol JSON.
[Tue 11:55:11] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: jonnycrunch, stonematt, manu
[Tue 11:55:17] <Varn>	dlongley:  agree with manu in gen.  take lesson from schema.org.  need compatibility between simple and complex so that can work with LD without explicit knowledge of using/doing that.  but still need explicit tacit knowledge to do the complex work. LD will be needed and be LD compatible. scale and decentralization issue
[Tue 11:55:23] <burn>	ack jonnycrunch
[Tue 11:55:23] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch has the floor.
[Tue 11:55:51] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:55:51] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt, manu
[Tue 11:55:52] <Drummond>	That's the answer I expected - I just wanted to know if you thought the W3C folks were going to force it to become just JSON
[Tue 11:56:08] <dlongley>	for people that aren't familiar with JSON-LD ... it is a subset of JSON, so everything you write in JSON-LD is valid JSON.
[Tue 11:56:12] <manu>	+1 for it being a persistent resource/URL.
[Tue 11:56:26] <manu>	q+ to note persistent URL need.
[Tue 11:56:26] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: stonematt, manu, manu
[Tue 11:56:27] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:56:27] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: stonematt, manu, manu
[Tue 11:56:30] <Varn>	jonnycrunch:  need a good implementation guide to help in adoption which encourages use of LD up front were warranted.  need a persistent place to store hash. looking at IPFS.
[Tue 11:56:38] <burn>	ack stonematt
[Tue 11:56:39] <voip-vctf>	stonematt has the floor.
[Tue 11:57:06] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 11:57:06] <voip-vctf>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: manu, manu, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:57:12] *	manu yes, IPFS
[Tue 11:57:28] <Varn>	stonematt: can we take this off the agenda and move on to repo?
[Tue 11:57:59] <jonnycrunch>	issue with ipfs with that is needs to be a deterministic json document.  line breaks ( pretty print) in json changes the hash of the document.
[Tue 11:58:02] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 11:58:03] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: manu, manu, ChristopherA
[Tue 11:58:07] <burn>	ack manu
[Tue 11:58:07] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to answer Drummond... it'll be JSON-LD (hopefully), but many simple examples will look like just plain 'ol JSON.).
[Tue 11:58:10] <stonematt>	ack manu
[Tue 11:58:10] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note persistent URL need.).
[Tue 11:59:04] <dlongley>	https://w3id.org
[Tue 11:59:24] <Drummond>	Who runs w3id.org? Is it W3C?
[Tue 11:59:24] <jonnycrunch>	+1 for purl w3id.org
[Tue 11:59:29] <gkellogg>	q+
[Tue 11:59:29] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, gkellogg
[Tue 11:59:45] <Varn>	manu:  how do we make it more palatable to other nonLD people. managing the url is part of the work for longlived decentralized contexts.  shared link.  IPFS is also a option.  no final context one way to do it.
[Tue 11:59:48] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-0000025e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:59:49] *	colleen has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:00:01] <manu>	Drummond, it's a number of companies - Spec Ops, Digital Bazaar, Botatsu... working in a way like Sovrin Foundation.
[Tue 12:00:02] <dlongley>	Drummond: it's run by: https://www.w3.org/community/perma-id/
[Tue 12:00:11] <Drummond>	Cool, thanks
[Tue 12:00:18] <manu>	Specifically, it's NOT run by W3C.
[Tue 12:00:21] *	manu :)
[Tue 12:00:26] <Varn>	jonnycrunch:  can cache some contexts
[Tue 12:00:29] <stonematt>	q?
[Tue 12:00:29] <voip-vctf>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA, gkellogg
[Tue 12:00:40] <Drummond>	Gott run now to the XDI TC meeting
[Tue 12:00:50] <manu>	w3id.org is run by a consortium of companies that have committed to keepign the site alive for 100+ years.
[Tue 12:00:58] <manu>	+1 for not meeting on 27th
[Tue 12:01:03] <Varn>	topic: Next Meeting
[Tue 12:01:03] <Varn>	matt: Proposal to not meet on the 27th.
[Tue 12:01:08] <Drummond>	+1 to not meeting on the 27th
[Tue 12:01:15] <gkellogg>	There are other uses (e.g., WoT), where having a context that is known not to change can be important.
[Tue 12:01:20] <voip-vctf>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-0000024c] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:20] <voip-vctf>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-0000024d] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:22] *	JohnTib has quit ("Textual IRC Client: www.textualapp.com")
[Tue 12:01:23] <voip-vctf>	jonnycrunch [SIP/10.0.1.143-00000250] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:24] <voip-vctf>	John Tibbetts [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000248] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:25] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000254] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:25] <Varn>	stonematt:  we will meet next week but not the 27th.
[Tue 12:01:26] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-0000025b] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:29] *	JoeAndrieu has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:01:31] *	Drummond has quit ("Page closed")
[Tue 12:01:58] <stonematt>	burn are you still there?
[Tue 12:02:00] *	burn matta and manu, i got dropped, rejoining
[Tue 12:02:15] <stonematt>	voip: connections
[Tue 12:02:15] <stonematt>	present: burn, stone, varn, willen, kennedy, christophera, migus, andrieu, chasen, korb, stone, reed
