[2019-11-12T16:59:26.047Z]	<Justin_R>	present+
[2019-11-12T16:59:42.453Z]	<agropper>	present+
[2019-11-12T16:59:46.747Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2019-11-12T17:00:11.455Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2019-11-12T17:00:22.501Z]	<chriswinc>	present+
[2019-11-12T17:00:34.264Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2019-11-12T17:01:12.309Z]	<JeffO-StL>	+
[2019-11-12T17:01:15.712Z]	<JeffO-StL>	Hear ya
[2019-11-12T17:01:32.542Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-11-12T17:01:56.382Z]	<ken>	present+
[2019-11-12T17:02:07.674Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2019-11-12T17:02:18.329Z]	<jonathan_holt>	present+ jonathan_holt
[2019-11-12T17:02:35.925Z]	<manu>	present+
[2019-11-12T17:02:52.761Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2019-11-12T17:03:39.226Z]	<yancy>	present+
[2019-11-12T17:04:47.356Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LkqZ10z7FeV3EgMIQEJ9achEYMzy1d_2S90Q_lQ0y8M/edit?usp=sharing
[2019-11-12T17:05:30.330Z]	<LiamBroza>	howdy
[2019-11-12T17:05:45.089Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2019-11-12T17:05:51.990Z]	<snorre>	I'm on a phone, not able to scribe
[2019-11-12T17:05:57.807Z]	<JeffO-StL>	I wish...I am shamed but ever busy working on project with you all in my backround.  I never am totally free!
[2019-11-12T17:06:05.673Z]	<JeffO-StL>	As you can see...;saw it coming...
[2019-11-12T17:06:13.944Z]	<JeffO-StL>	:(
[2019-11-12T17:06:36.773Z]	<ken>	I'll scribe
[2019-11-12T17:06:43.002Z]	<ken>	scribe: ken
[2019-11-12T17:07:21.006Z]	<ken>	Topic: Introductions
[2019-11-12T17:07:36.800Z]	<ken>	LiamBroza: I work on LifeScope.
[2019-11-12T17:07:50.142Z]	<ken>	... Looking at integration with Solid
[2019-11-12T17:07:50.272Z]	<dmitriz>	https://lifescope.io/
[2019-11-12T17:08:22.714Z]	<dmitriz>	Liam and his team are also looking to implement / integrate with identity hubs and encrypted data vaults.
[2019-11-12T17:09:33.273Z]	<ken>	ChristopherA: I'm with Blockchain Commons. We are working on a variety of infrastructure projects.
[2019-11-12T17:09:35.730Z]	<Orie>	present+
[2019-11-12T17:09:40.140Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2019-11-12T17:10:14.901Z]	<ken>	... We stood up a torr exit node.
[2019-11-12T17:10:36.223Z]	<ken>	... I'm co-chair of the CCG for the last three years.
[2019-11-12T17:10:48.186Z]	<ken>	... I'm also founder of RWoT
[2019-11-12T17:10:57.391Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/announcements
[2019-11-12T17:11:02.221Z]	<ken>	Topic: Announcements
[2019-11-12T17:11:31.081Z]	<ken>	JoeAndrieu: No additional meetings for the rest of November.
[2019-11-12T17:11:46.270Z]	<ken>	... In Dec, no calls on the 24th and 31st.
[2019-11-12T17:11:47.580Z]	<manu>	q+ to ask about next RWoT announcement on page?
[2019-11-12T17:12:13.592Z]	<ken>	... Did resolution calls on Thursday at the regular time.
[2019-11-12T17:12:23.654Z]	<markus_sabadello>	DID Resolution weekly meeting info: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qYBaXQMUoB86Alquu7WBtWOxsS8SMhp1fioYKEGCabE/
[2019-11-12T17:12:28.168Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-11-12T17:12:29.302Z]	<ken>	... We are focused on closing open work items.
[2019-11-12T17:12:51.731Z]	<ken>	manu: The next RWoT is in Buenos Aries in March?
[2019-11-12T17:12:56.072Z]	<ken>	JoeAndrieu: Yes.
[2019-11-12T17:13:24.348Z]	<ken>	... 10 RWot is week of March 16 starting Monday night.
[2019-11-12T17:13:50.525Z]	<ken>	... Lighting talks and socialization of ideas that evening.
[2019-11-12T17:14:13.281Z]	<brent>	present+
[2019-11-12T17:14:16.186Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-11-12T17:14:19.610Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-11-12T17:14:20.099Z]	<ken>	... Limited travel scholarships will be available.
[2019-11-12T17:14:40.861Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-11-12T17:14:50.309Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2019-11-12T17:14:52.366Z]	<ken>	Topic: Action Items
[2019-11-12T17:15:33.195Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/96
[2019-11-12T17:15:55.244Z]	<ken>	dmitriz: The API is being versioned.
[2019-11-12T17:16:33.301Z]	<ken>	JoeAndrieu: The registry action item is vague.
[2019-11-12T17:16:47.107Z]	<ken>	dmitriz: The two registries are to be consolidated.
[2019-11-12T17:16:57.952Z]	<ken>	JoeAndrieu: It is mostly done?
[2019-11-12T17:17:11.209Z]	<ken>	dmitriz: What else needs to be done?
[2019-11-12T17:17:33.062Z]	<ken>	ChristopherA: Should we add a link from the old registry to the new one?
[2019-11-12T17:17:37.483Z]	<ken>	dmitriz: Yes.
[2019-11-12T17:17:38.102Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/88
[2019-11-12T17:17:49.962Z]	<ken>	JoeAndrieu: Did we have the meeting?
[2019-11-12T17:18:25.308Z]	<ken>	ChristopherA: We are still having the same conversation in the DID WG.
[2019-11-12T17:19:06.781Z]	<ken>	... Right now it is still not fully shown in examples. Who else is using it?
[2019-11-12T17:19:11.182Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2019-11-12T17:19:13.881Z]	<manu>	q+ to provide other data.
[2019-11-12T17:19:17.902Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-11-12T17:19:26.708Z]	<manu>	q-
[2019-11-12T17:19:57.153Z]	<ken>	JoeAndrieu: The last comment on the thread was Kim's thinking that we were done. Orie raised a further question.
[2019-11-12T17:20:14.370Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-11-12T17:20:16.241Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/56
[2019-11-12T17:20:19.354Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-11-12T17:20:59.827Z]	<ken>	manu: I think the issue is Orie mentioned how you extend the json-ld context. It could go in the VC Implementation Guide.
[2019-11-12T17:21:17.472Z]	<ken>	... Mixing all the topics together is the wrong thing to do.
[2019-11-12T17:21:58.904Z]	<ken>	... The general process is the same for most uses. There is general confusion, but I don't know what exactly is unclear.
[2019-11-12T17:22:20.920Z]	<Orie>	q+
[2019-11-12T17:22:23.504Z]	<ken>	... Different people have unique problem use cases.
[2019-11-12T17:22:46.284Z]	<ken>	... I don't know what the next action is.
[2019-11-12T17:22:49.430Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack Orie
[2019-11-12T17:24:15.571Z]	<ken>	Orie: People encounter the json=ld through different groups. In a place where we need to onboard someone to json-ld, we could point them to the right place that explains each part.
[2019-11-12T17:24:26.901Z]	<manu>	q+ to agree with Orie, but confirm that that's not the same problem that ChristopherA is mentioning?
[2019-11-12T17:24:47.394Z]	<ken>	... I find it on github. Others may need a pointer to where the PR can be submitted.
[2019-11-12T17:24:48.393Z]	<dlongley>	+1 good idea from Orie
[2019-11-12T17:24:56.026Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-11-12T17:24:58.674Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-11-12T17:25:23.741Z]	<ken>	manu: I agree with Orie. I don't know if this is the same issue that ChristopherA is experiencing.
[2019-11-12T17:25:35.382Z]	<ken>	... We will try to help as suggested by Orie.
[2019-11-12T17:26:02.364Z]	<ken>	ChristopherA: My issue is more regarding schemas and json-ld signatures.
[2019-11-12T17:26:32.723Z]	<manu>	q+ to note that the "schema" is included in VC spec and DID spec, so you don't have to worry about it... perhaps that's the piece of information that's missing.
[2019-11-12T17:26:38.102Z]	<ken>	... The schema is not needed for JWT signatures, but may be needed in the credential.
[2019-11-12T17:26:50.561Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-11-12T17:26:59.824Z]	<ken>	... I'll write it up as a separate issue.
[2019-11-12T17:27:30.028Z]	<ken>	manu: I don't think people need to worry about it. It is already defined as base functionality in the VC spec.
[2019-11-12T17:27:51.273Z]	<ken>	... App developers should not need to dig into it.
[2019-11-12T17:28:05.524Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-11-12T17:28:09.480Z]	<ken>	ChristopherA: If I want to sign json-ld how do I do it?
[2019-11-12T17:28:41.042Z]	<ken>	manu: The CCG could define a context for other use cases.
[2019-11-12T17:28:43.853Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-11-12T17:29:31.326Z]	<ken>	markus_sabadello: DID documents are separate from the VC and should define how to do a json-ld signature.
[2019-11-12T17:29:50.212Z]	<ken>	JoeAndrieu: Next steps for #88
[2019-11-12T17:30:10.362Z]	<ken>	manu: ChristopherA will raise a new issue. Orie will raise several PRs.
[2019-11-12T17:30:33.891Z]	<ken>	... We will response to ChristopherA's issue. We will will respond to Orie's PRs.
[2019-11-12T17:30:40.975Z]	<ken>	ChristopherA: Good
[2019-11-12T17:30:42.201Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/56
[2019-11-12T17:30:48.648Z]	<ken>	Orie: Agree.
[2019-11-12T17:31:04.391Z]	<Snorre>	Where are the issues located again? ðŸ˜Š
[2019-11-12T17:31:20.002Z]	<ken>	JoeAndrieu: Not sure how this is different than what we have already discussed.
[2019-11-12T17:31:28.893Z]	<manu>	q+ to clarify...
[2019-11-12T17:31:35.989Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/96
[2019-11-12T17:31:38.149Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-11-12T17:31:48.411Z]	<ken>	... Amy's last comment seems to go towards splitting the registries.
[2019-11-12T17:32:29.147Z]	<rhiaro>	+1 to closing
[2019-11-12T17:32:35.680Z]	<rhiaro>	(dmitriz has since un-merged the sections though :P)
[2019-11-12T17:32:39.470Z]	<ken>	manu: I suggest we close #56.
[2019-11-12T17:33:12.146Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	 https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1OBgDCUNPsd6LKApO1nrQ3RuriCoZgls5_UsUN0rZOvk/edit?usp=sharing
[2019-11-12T17:33:23.805Z]	<Snorre>	Thanks. I'm on a phone so struggelig with the overview ðŸ˜Š
[2019-11-12T17:33:26.154Z]	<manu>	Topic: Personal Data Stores Comparison
[2019-11-12T17:34:02.120Z]	<ken>	agropper: There are 9 slides in the presentation.
[2019-11-12T17:34:57.172Z]	<ken>	... What protocols should we consider for interoperability?
[2019-11-12T17:39:12.503Z]	<ken>	... (Review of slide deck)
[2019-11-12T17:40:31.295Z]	<manu>	I think slide 7 is probably not the right way to go... was more or less with Adrian up until that point.
[2019-11-12T17:41:19.260Z]	<manu>	I like slide 8... in general... good first cut.
[2019-11-12T17:43:47.015Z]	<manu>	q+ to thank Adrian for this, noting he's tried to talk w/ various folks to come up with it, and to ask where we continue the discussion? These are all good questions, where do we try and answer them?
[2019-11-12T17:44:03.772Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+ to ask how this become decentralize
[2019-11-12T17:44:12.812Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-11-12T17:44:17.574Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-11-12T17:44:23.052Z]	<ken>	JoeAndrieu: Thanks for the presentation. Questions?
[2019-11-12T17:45:14.053Z]	<ken>	manu: Thank you. I think the diagrams help. I think you have raised a number of valid questions. Where do we address them?
[2019-11-12T17:45:42.750Z]	<ken>	... There is a strong desire to bring communities together to avoid duplication of work.
[2019-11-12T17:46:12.210Z]	<ken>	... I would like to propose a task force that includes people from DIF, Aries, CCG, etc.
[2019-11-12T17:46:33.242Z]	<LiamBroza>	Count me in
[2019-11-12T17:46:34.461Z]	<ken>	... It would be a neutral space to discuss these topics.
[2019-11-12T17:46:37.946Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-11-12T17:46:41.575Z]	<manu>	yay, Liam! :)
[2019-11-12T17:47:10.993Z]	<manu>	Also, things to keep in mind as input -- https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot9-prague/blob/master/final-documents/encrypted-data-vaults.md
[2019-11-12T17:47:27.421Z]	<manu>	... and in spec format -- https://digitalbazaar.github.io/encrypted-data-vaults/
[2019-11-12T17:47:31.549Z]	<ken>	LiamBroza: I would like to volunteer to be a neutral host for the discussion.
[2019-11-12T17:47:41.464Z]	<manu>	And Identity Hubs - https://github.com/decentralized-identity/identity-hub/blob/master/explainer.md
[2019-11-12T17:48:07.930Z]	<ken>	... We have weekly calls Tue/Thu.
[2019-11-12T17:48:16.987Z]	<ken>	ChristopherA: Under which IPR?
[2019-11-12T17:48:30.115Z]	<ken>	LiamBroza: It would need to be determined.
[2019-11-12T17:48:30.172Z]	<Orie>	q+
[2019-11-12T17:48:47.410Z]	<agropper>	I consider these slides I presented to be public domain
[2019-11-12T17:48:52.783Z]	<ken>	JoeAndrieu: We could possibly do this under CCG. It could alienate some.
[2019-11-12T17:48:58.960Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack jonathon_holt
[2019-11-12T17:49:03.687Z]	<manu>	q+ to not sugar coat it -- IPR needs to match where the spec is headed, and shouldn't be an experiment. CCG will alienate, maybe, so maybe let's be Millenials and not give it a label.
[2019-11-12T17:49:26.026Z]	<ken>	jonathan_holt: I would like to get away from client/server and address peer/peer.
[2019-11-12T17:49:33.823Z]	<ken>	... How would you address this?
[2019-11-12T17:49:45.221Z]	<dmitriz>	q+ to address client/server point
[2019-11-12T17:49:50.860Z]	<manu>	q-
[2019-11-12T17:50:08.069Z]	<manu>	q+ to not sugar coat it -- IPR needs to match where the spec is headed, and shouldn't be an experiment. CCG will alienate, maybe, so maybe let's be Millenials and not give it a label. Maybe we can just have an "organization" non-technical, no IPR call via Zoom?
[2019-11-12T17:50:08.952Z]	<ken>	agropper: My answer would be to defer to OAuth and Justin_R
[2019-11-12T17:50:21.465Z]	<ken>	... IETF work could address it.
[2019-11-12T17:50:24.647Z]	<Justin_R>	q?
[2019-11-12T17:50:33.776Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack jonathan_holt
[2019-11-12T17:50:35.623Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack Orie
[2019-11-12T17:51:36.632Z]	<ken>	Orie: I'm in favor of formalizing this topic. IPR is not my expertise. A single umbrella could be W3C. I am active in DIF and Hyperledger.
[2019-11-12T17:51:58.292Z]	<ken>	... Those communities move quickly without the rigor of W3C.
[2019-11-12T17:52:13.589Z]	<ken>	... Peer/peer can come later.
[2019-11-12T17:52:18.507Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-11-12T17:52:21.572Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack dmitriz
[2019-11-12T17:52:50.706Z]	<dlongley>	another side note wrt oauth: not sure how things get easily decentralized with oauth client registration ... a DID-based capabilities approach doesn't require this kind of registration and could potentially help with delegation concerns
[2019-11-12T17:53:04.481Z]	<agropper>	+1
[2019-11-12T17:53:05.252Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack manu
[2019-11-12T17:53:30.108Z]	<agropper>	+1 to dmitri's comment
[2019-11-12T17:53:34.668Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-11-12T17:53:39.755Z]	<ken>	dmitriz: The client/server vs peer/peer is often brought up. Client server are roles that two parties play. It does not imply a larger server and a small client.
[2019-11-12T17:54:03.461Z]	<ken>	manu: IPR is a huge issue. We want it to be patent free for all to implement.
[2019-11-12T17:54:14.411Z]	<dmitriz>	dlongley: the broader oauth ecosystem is compatible with decentralization. and does not always require registration.
[2019-11-12T17:54:27.181Z]	<ken>	... We cannot participate in a discussion that does not have strong IPR.
[2019-11-12T17:55:14.510Z]	<ken>	... I appreciate Orie's comments. We want a broad tent.
[2019-11-12T17:55:38.681Z]	<ken>	... A neutral setting is preffered.
[2019-11-12T17:56:15.422Z]	<ken>	... Let's just call a zoom meeting with DIF, Aries, etc. to get us on the right path. We don't need IPR for that call.
[2019-11-12T17:56:53.995Z]	<ken>	... When done, we can consider a W3C task force or other path. Some items might be done in DIF, IETF etc.
[2019-11-12T17:57:17.906Z]	<ken>	... The conversation should be about how to work together.
[2019-11-12T17:57:21.425Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-11-12T17:57:42.512Z]	<ken>	JoeAndrieu: Thanks, manu.
[2019-11-12T17:58:08.432Z]	<ken>	... In addition to IPR there is also anti-trust to consider.
[2019-11-12T17:58:27.756Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2019-11-12T17:58:32.633Z]	<ken>	... Standards organizations help mitigate and shelter us from these risks.
[2019-11-12T17:58:39.992Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack agropper
[2019-11-12T17:59:11.904Z]	<ken>	agropper: I think it is important to have those representing resource servers participating in the conversation.
[2019-11-12T17:59:23.426Z]	<Orie>	+1 for getting resource providers to the table
[2019-11-12T17:59:26.700Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2019-11-12T17:59:27.920Z]	<ken>	... I don't see this representation at Aries.
[2019-11-12T18:00:27.944Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-11-12T18:00:30.772Z]	<ken>	JoeAndrieu: Regarding the scope of CCG, some of our conversations lead to standards track, but we also want to have a safe space for other conversations.
[2019-11-12T18:00:51.091Z]	<ken>	... Manu, can you coordinate the zoom call?
[2019-11-12T18:00:55.048Z]	<ken>	manu: Yes.
[2019-11-12T18:01:22.234Z]	<ken>	... I'm trying to invite Aries, DIF, and CCG and those involved in personal data stores.
[2019-11-12T18:01:38.381Z]	<TallTed>	zoom is just a product/tool, parallel to webex. w3 calls sometimes use zoom. important to draw the lines of "open"/"uncommitted"/"no IPR agreement" stuff clearly
[2019-11-12T18:01:41.615Z]	<ken>	JoeAndrieu: Yes and include agropper's service providers.
[2019-11-12T18:01:53.140Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-11-12T18:02:04.322Z]	<ken>	JoeAndrieu: The end!
[2019-11-12T18:02:27.575Z]	<manu>	voip: connections?
[2019-11-12T18:02:32.923Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect b3
[2019-11-12T18:02:34.604Z]	<manu>	voip: disconnect df
