[Tue 12:07:17] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2017Sep/0050.html
[Tue 12:07:17] <manu>	scribe: heathervescent
[Tue 12:07:34] *	dlongley if you type "/me something" it will keep it out of the minutes.
[Tue 12:07:54] <manu>	Topic: Introductions and Reintroductions
[Tue 12:07:54] <manu>	heathervescent: Hi, Heather Vescent - I have been lurking on the Verifiable Claims and Interledger lists, other W3C lists as well.
[Tue 12:08:19] <manu>	heathervescent: I thought I'd drop in and see what is going on - I'm a futurist researcher, study digital identity, security, money and transactions, a lot of that kind of stuff.
[Tue 12:08:22] <Drummond>	heathervescent has been part of the IIW community for many years. She also produced a 7 minute film about IIW.
[Tue 12:08:42] *	cdchapma1 (~cdchapman@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:08:54] *	manu hands over scribing to heathervescent 
[Tue 12:09:04] *	manu just like this heather.... person: what they said
[Tue 12:09:46] <heathervescent>	Buchner: I'm wondering if there is a lot of discussion related to ActivityPub in this group?
[Tue 12:09:48] <manu>	q+ to respond wrt. ActivityPub
[Tue 12:09:48] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 12:09:52] *	jgoodell (~4474ae6d@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:09:59] <voip-ccg>	Michael Lodder [SIP/evernym.onsip.com-0000032a] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:10:04] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:10:04] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu
[Tue 12:10:09] <rgrant>	q+ do we have a discussion item for Digital Bazaar's DID spec proposals?
[Tue 12:10:09] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been added to the queue: manu, rgrant
[Tue 12:10:10] <voip-ccg>	Chris Chapman [SIP/192.168.1.181-00000329] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:10:22] *	manu heathervescent make sure to include their name ----  name: what they said 
[Tue 12:10:30] <heathervescent>	ChristopherA: There was a proposal for rebooting web of trust, unable to attend this call. supporting efforts in credentials, but they have their own community group meeting, learning how to incorporate verifiable claims and DID stuff they have in their proposals to ActivityPub
[Tue 12:10:43] <dlongley>	q?
[Tue 12:10:43] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu, rgrant
[Tue 12:10:52] <kimhd>	ack manu
[Tue 12:10:52] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to respond wrt. ActivityPub).
[Tue 12:11:01] <JoeAndrieu>	q+ to talk about my action item (Lifecycle Engagement Model)
[Tue 12:11:02] <voip-ccg>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: rgrant, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:11:20] <heathervescent>	Manu: Looking at doing coordination with activity pub. Chris Webber is the best person to contact for this. (Daniel was the previous speaker)
[Tue 12:11:28] *	cdchapma1 has quit ("WeeChat 1.9")
[Tue 12:11:30] <Drummond>	What is ActivityPub? Brief description?
[Tue 12:11:40] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:11:40] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: rgrant, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:11:43] <dlongley>	Drummond, here's the spec https://www.w3.org/TR/activitypub/
[Tue 12:12:10] <heathervescent>	Daniel: Ok, well I'm at Microsoft now, but when we were working on social web stuff at Mozilla, we tried this approach and ended up wanting to do something more generalized, which is what we're working on now. So, wanted to engage on the ActivityPub stuff to discuss.
[Tue 12:12:24] *	cdchapman has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:12:45] <heathervescent>	Ryan: Is digital bazaar DID spec on the agenda today?
[Tue 12:12:47] <heathervescent>	Kim: Yes, it is, Ryan.
[Tue 12:12:53] <voip-ccg>	17736142279 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000032b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:12:58] <heathervescent>	Christopher: Covering DIDs all day
[Tue 12:13:00] *	manu heathervescent re: scribing ... perfect!
[Tue 12:13:04] <Drummond>	I can also give an update on the DID Primer.
[Tue 12:13:15] <heathervescent>	Kim: New name and mission statement discussion.
[Tue 12:13:23] *	manu cwebber you just missed the ActivityPub question from Daniel :)
[Tue 12:13:33] <heathervescent>	... action item assigned to Manu: follow up with Dan Larimer at EOS
[Tue 12:13:38] <heathervescent>	Manu: Still in process, they'll join when their schedule frees up a bit.
[Tue 12:14:34] <heathervescent>	Topic: Proposed changes to DID Spec Overview
[Tue 12:14:34] <heathervescent>	Kim: DID review: have a lot of people to talk about the broader impact changes for the spec. Manu will drive this.
[Tue 12:14:48] <JoeAndrieu>	q--
[Tue 12:14:48] <voip-ccg>	JoeAndrieu has been removed from the queue: rgrant
[Tue 12:14:53] <kimhd>	Manu's pull request, which attempts to address a number of issues: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/pull/22
[Tue 12:14:58] <manu>	The issues are being triaged here: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/issues/21
[Tue 12:14:59] <kimhd>	You can preview the proposed changes here: https://msporny.github.io/did-spec/
[Tue 12:15:03] <heathervescent>	Manu: Quick update on DID spec.
[Tue 12:15:41] <heathervescent>	... triaged number of issues around DID: e.g. authentication. Do we talk about digital signature, biometric proofs, discussion around the security model for DID document.
[Tue 12:15:46] *	dlongley ...and moving "proof of ownership"/"proof of control" to "authentication" and "authorization" language
[Tue 12:15:50] *	kimhd JoeAndrieu sorry I missed you. Can we come back to that end?
[Tue 12:15:55] <heathervescent>	... exploring moving to capabilities security model.
[Tue 12:16:09] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:16:09] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: rgrant
[Tue 12:16:19] <heathervescent>	... express authentication credential public/private biometric keypairs
[Tue 12:16:23] <kimhd>	ack rgrant
[Tue 12:16:23] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has the floor (do we have a discussion item for Digital Bazaar's DID spec proposals?).
[Tue 12:16:37] *	Christian_Lundkvist has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:17:00] <heathervescent>	... best way to move forward on all these issues.
[Tue 12:17:07] <manu>	Proposed update to the DID specification: https://msporny.github.io/did-spec/
[Tue 12:17:22] <manu>	There is a complete example here: https://msporny.github.io/did-spec/#appendix-b:-the-generic-did-context-for-json-ld
[Tue 12:17:55] <voip-ccg>	Jim Goodell [SIP/192.168.1.127-0000032c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:17:59] <heathervescent>	... Link is the new proposal... supports all the use cases we've always discussed.
[Tue 12:18:12] <heathervescent>	... addresses the use cases with simplified concepts.
[Tue 12:18:22] <voip-ccg>	Jim Goodell [SIP/192.168.1.127-0000032c] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:18:29] *	Christian_Lundkvist (~Christian_Lundkvis@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:18:30] <dlongley>	authentication/authorization semantics are more explicit with the new proposal
[Tue 12:18:38] <heathervescent>	manu: there are those of us implementing these ideas
[Tue 12:18:55] <rgrant>	q+ how are proofs that require verification from identities on different chains supported?
[Tue 12:18:55] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been added to the queue: rgrant
[Tue 12:19:06] <voip-ccg>	Jim Goodell [SIP/192.168.1.127-0000032d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:19:07] <heathervescent>	... have learned from our past experiences and incorporating our learning into it.
[Tue 12:19:09] <JoeAndrieu>	q+ to ask about logic of AuthenticationCredential
[Tue 12:19:09] <voip-ccg>	JoeAndrieu has been added to the queue: rgrant, JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:19:19] <Drummond>	q+
[Tue 12:19:19] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has been added to the queue: rgrant, JoeAndrieu, Drummond
[Tue 12:19:20] <kimhd>	ack rgrant
[Tue 12:19:20] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has the floor (how are proofs that require verification from identities on different chains supported?).
[Tue 12:19:33] <voip-ccg>	Jim Goodell [SIP/192.168.1.127-0000032d] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:14:34] <heathervescent>	Topic: DID Spec Discussion
[Tue 12:20:03] <heathervescent>	grant: Do you cover org control, manual re-implementation for ssi contacts. affirming a change for users on different teams.  is it supported?
[Tue 12:20:06] <heathervescent>	Manu: Yes.
[Tue 12:20:18] <heathervescent>	... in the new spec it is the authorization field.
[Tue 12:20:23] <rgrant>	heathervescent: OrControl and AndControl, section 6.5 of the old spec
[Tue 12:20:45] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:20:45] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: JoeAndrieu, Drummond
[Tue 12:21:06] <heathervescent>	Manu: future things we submit, proofs on various blockchains (eth, etc)
[Tue 12:21:11] <ChristopherA>	Q+
[Tue 12:21:21] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 12:21:21] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: JoeAndrieu, Drummond, ChristopherA
[Tue 12:21:37] <heathervescent>	Ryan: How do I do that.
[Tue 12:21:38] <voip-ccg>	18013765464 [SIP/69.65.34.216-0000032e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:21:42] <heathervescent>	Manu: Look at Appendix B.
[Tue 12:22:50] <kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[Tue 12:22:50] <voip-ccg>	JoeAndrieu has the floor (to ask about logic of AuthenticationCredential).
[Tue 12:22:55] *	ChristianLundkvist (~ChristianLundkvist@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:23:00] *	cdchapman (~cdchapman@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:23:04] <heathervescent>	JoeAndrieu: Would be great to explain the logic.
[Tue 12:23:29] <heathervescent>	Manu: Will update the spec text.
[Tue 12:23:43] <kimhd>	ack Drummond
[Tue 12:23:43] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has the floor.
[Tue 12:23:47] <voip-ccg>	Chris Chapman [SIP/10.1.71.197-00000330] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:23:53] <rgrant>	manu: I need to understand more before approving.  More intermediate text may be required.'
[Tue 12:24:13] <voip-ccg>	Chris Chapman [SIP/10.1.71.197-00000330] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:24:17] <ChristianLundkvist>	Q?
[Tue 12:24:24] <manu>	q?
[Tue 12:24:24] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA
[Tue 12:24:34] <ChristianLundkvist>	q?
[Tue 12:24:34] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA
[Tue 12:24:40] *	manu ChristianLundkvist --- want to be added to the queue? ... if so, q+
[Tue 12:25:09] <agropper>	q+
[Tue 12:25:09] <voip-ccg>	agropper has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, agropper
[Tue 12:25:11] <manu>	q+ to note plans for key description semantics...
[Tue 12:25:11] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, agropper, manu
[Tue 12:25:31] *	Christian_Lundkvist has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:25:40] <heathervescent>	Drummond: Raising issues not addressed: (didn't catch everything) Suggestion: we look at the architecture first.
[Tue 12:25:40] <ChristianLundkvist>	q+ To ask about "authentication" terminology
[Tue 12:25:40] <voip-ccg>	ChristianLundkvist has been added to the queue: ChristopherA, agropper, manu, ChristianLundkvist
[Tue 12:26:30] <heathervescent>	... decided the tradeoff between arch, then use cases, then update the text.
[Tue 12:26:37] <manu>	+1, totally agree w/ Drummond's approach to updating the spec... think its the right approach.
[Tue 12:26:55] *	kimhd moses if you like quantum resistance you will love quantum fish https://arxiv.org/pdf/1609.09047v2.pdf
[Tue 12:27:06] <mosesm>	+1 on the primer, thanks drummond
[Tue 12:27:16] *	manu heathervescent killin' it, scribing.... nice!
[Tue 12:27:30] <kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 12:27:30] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 12:27:33] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:27:33] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: agropper, manu, ChristianLundkvist
[Tue 12:27:45] <heathervescent>	ChristopherA: is there a place that talks about issuer proofs?
[Tue 12:28:21] <heathervescent>	Manu: Yes. Issue credential capabilities. Self issuring. In Appendix B.
[Tue 12:28:40] <kimhd>	q+ to ask about service aspects
[Tue 12:28:40] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has been added to the queue: agropper, manu, ChristianLundkvist, kimhd
[Tue 12:28:54] <heathervescent>	ChristopherA: General architecture is good. Mark Miller will be at Rebooting/Boston.
[Tue 12:29:10] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:29:10] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: agropper, manu, ChristianLundkvist, kimhd
[Tue 12:29:28] <Drummond>	Link to the Google doc draft of the DID Primer: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BsRZT4quGzvr1xVxTQSKB4dR9p95FLAgYhtaI3Yk4gU/edit#
[Tue 12:29:42] <mike-lodder>	q+
[Tue 12:29:42] <voip-ccg>	mike-lodder has been added to the queue: agropper, manu, ChristianLundkvist, kimhd, mike-lodder
[Tue 12:29:51] <kimhd>	ack agropper
[Tue 12:29:51] <voip-ccg>	agropper has the floor.
[Tue 12:29:56] <Drummond>	Feedback and input into the DID Primer is welcome from all DID community members.
[Tue 12:30:23] <heathervescent>	gropper: One concern. Re: recovery of credentials that are non repudiable.
[Tue 12:30:34] <Drummond>	q+
[Tue 12:30:34] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has been added to the queue: manu, ChristianLundkvist, kimhd, mike-lodder, Drummond
[Tue 12:31:03] <heathervescent>	ChristopherA: Not the DID spec that does that.
[Tue 12:31:23] <mike-lodder>	q-
[Tue 12:31:23] <voip-ccg>	mike-lodder has been removed from the queue: manu, ChristianLundkvist, kimhd, Drummond
[Tue 12:31:28] *	nage is concerned that authorization that expresses policy (AND/OR and any introduction of semantics) will cause the spec to become intangled with ledger transaction semantics when the protocol is implemented and create portability issues (can we do more to keep it simple?)
[Tue 12:32:06] <heathervescent>	... goes on to describe other options.
[Tue 12:32:07] <Drummond>	+1 to nage's concern to not entangle policy beyond simple universal semantics
[Tue 12:32:10] *	manu nage can you put yourself on the queue to explain more... I think it's a valid concern.
[Tue 12:32:15] <mike-lodder>	+1 nage
[Tue 12:32:21] <nage>	q+ to explain more
[Tue 12:32:21] <voip-ccg>	nage has been added to the queue: manu, ChristianLundkvist, kimhd, Drummond, nage
[Tue 12:32:33] <kimhd>	ack manu
[Tue 12:32:33] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to note plans for key description semantics...).
[Tue 12:32:37] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 12:32:37] <voip-ccg>	manu isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 12:32:42] <Drummond>	Capabilities are good but the more system-specific they become, the more complex the whole space becomes
[Tue 12:32:55] <heathervescent>	Manu: responding to Drummond. It's not in the spec yet.
[Tue 12:33:22] <heathervescent>	... DB thinks we do need that. Concerned/working through w/ unintended consequences.
[Tue 12:33:45] <ChristopherA>	q+
[Tue 12:33:45] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has been added to the queue: ChristianLundkvist, kimhd, Drummond, nage, ChristopherA
[Tue 12:34:27] *	kimhd this is DanielBuchner talking
[Tue 12:34:34] <heathervescent>	Buchner: Microsoft might be using DIDs in production sooner than later.
[Tue 12:34:54] *	kimhd heather it's DanielBuchner
[Tue 12:35:11] <manu>	q+ to talk to stability of DID spec and implementations...
[Tue 12:35:11] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: ChristianLundkvist, kimhd, Drummond, nage, ChristopherA, manu
[Tue 12:35:25] <Drummond>	I'm coming at this as much from a key management requirements for DKMS as for the requirements for verifiable claims. For DKMS we need very simple, extensible key description semantics that enables key owners to identify and describe their keys.
[Tue 12:35:28] <heathervescent>	Lundkvist: question about the updated terminology: authentication and authorization.
[Tue 12:35:29] <kimhd>	ack ChristianLundkvist
[Tue 12:35:29] <voip-ccg>	ChristianLundkvist has the floor (To ask about "authentication" terminology).
[Tue 12:36:05] *	jgoodell has quit ("http://www.mibbit.com ajax IRC Client")
[Tue 12:36:45] <Drummond>	An inititial reaction is that it's out-of-scope for the DID spec to define the semantics of "authentication" and "authorization" at any scope beyond interaction with the target ledger for updates to the DID document itself.
[Tue 12:37:31] <heathervescent>	Manu: should never use some authentication credentials on the web and use the same credential to do other things (loan).
[Tue 12:38:20] <heathervescent>	... "authentication credential" there are many ways to authentication and there will be many ways to authentication (web/biometric)
[Tue 12:38:55] <heathervescent>	... keys shouldn't be doing double duty.
[Tue 12:38:59] <voip-ccg>	18608368633 [SIP/69.65.34.216-00000337] has joined the conference.
[Tue 12:39:20] <Drummond>	I want to clarify that Digital Bazaar has proposed a set of changes. They are not "changes" until they are accepted by the consensus of the group. That's the whole point of this process.
[Tue 12:39:48] <heathervescent>	Christian: two buckets of keys. Should there be a general bucket?
[Tue 12:39:48] <rgrant>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/compare/gh-pages...msporny:gh-pages
[Tue 12:40:13] <Drummond>	I think the larger architectural issue here is whether the DID spec should be "key-description-centric" or "key-action-centric".
[Tue 12:40:16] <heathervescent>	Manu: authorization bucket, these are the entities that are allowed to do things on behalf of me (delegation) and the ways they can authenticate are x,y,z.
[Tue 12:41:16] <Drummond>	Manu is arguing for key-action-centric, i.e., keys are annotated for what they can be used for. So it starts to embed key usage policy in the key descriptions. I'm worried about that because of the slippery slope that @nage refers to.
[Tue 12:41:37] <Drummond>	q+
[Tue 12:41:37] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has been added to the queue: kimhd, Drummond, nage, ChristopherA, manu, Drummond
[Tue 12:41:45] <Drummond>	q-
[Tue 12:41:45] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has been removed from the queue: kimhd, nage, ChristopherA, manu, Drummond
[Tue 12:41:48] <cwebber>	q+
[Tue 12:41:48] <voip-ccg>	cwebber has been added to the queue: kimhd, nage, ChristopherA, manu, Drummond, cwebber
[Tue 12:41:57] <cwebber>	q-
[Tue 12:41:57] <voip-ccg>	cwebber has been removed from the queue: kimhd, nage, ChristopherA, manu, Drummond
[Tue 12:41:59] <nage>	unfortunately the separation of concerns here isn't always clean (this relates to ledger membership and transaction endorsement) which depending on how the ledger works muddies this water
[Tue 12:42:06] <cwebber>	q+ to ask do we know what the capability mechanism will look like
[Tue 12:42:06] <voip-ccg>	cwebber has been added to the queue: kimhd, nage, ChristopherA, manu, Drummond, cwebber
[Tue 12:42:16] *	Drummond oops - I wanted to stay in the first position on the queue, didn't mean to remove myself from that
[Tue 12:42:39] <dlongley>	this sounds like we should hash it out in a specific github issue
[Tue 12:42:45] *	kimhd got it Drummond; you're right after me. mine's brief
[Tue 12:42:50] <kimhd>	+1 to dlongley
[Tue 12:42:52] <Drummond>	ok
[Tue 12:43:18] <heathervescent>	Manu: general design: make the buckets do only one thing. So there may be a need for a new bucket for new things. E.g. use case to issue credentials/ this is how you can authenticate of the DID. If you want to modify, these can do it. But, allow these keys have access to a house, not necessarily something you put in the DID document. Might be in a service provider (e.g. Nest)
[Tue 12:43:47] <heathervescent>	... need to be specific about what these fields can do, so we don't create security vulnerabilities.
[Tue 12:44:09] *	manu apologises about queue jumping, will stop now.
[Tue 12:44:09] <nage>	consider the endorsement/ordering model of something like Hyperledger Fabric compared to the smart contract model of something like uPort and negotiating the semantics of key posession vs authentication (hopefully) becomes more clear
[Tue 12:44:14] <dlongley>	"authorization" field tells you how to construct a "capability" that you can submit that will let you do something specific. .... authenticationCredential field lists verification information for authenticating as the entity that a DID identifies
[Tue 12:44:16] <Drummond>	I definitely would like an education on "ambient authority security issues"
[Tue 12:44:34] <heathervescent>	Lundkvist: I'd like to make the system flexible for permissionless innovation
[Tue 12:44:35] <dlongley>	"authorization" field can therefore specify a capability like "issueX"
[Tue 12:44:48] *	ChristianLundkvist has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 12:45:37] <heathervescent>	Kim: Like this approach. The unclear part of DID spec, is around service points.
[Tue 12:46:16] <nage>	credential repository in the DID Document???  (this needs to be explained and defended more directly)
[Tue 12:46:53] <Drummond>	To Kim's questions, no, service endpoint definitions are supposed to be independent of any particular DID method. Each service type should be described in a separate Service Description.
[Tue 12:47:05] <nage>	again adding semantics into the DID Doc will cause least-common-denominator semantics issues
[Tue 12:47:16] <dlongley>	Nathan, yes, original data model design included the ability to include credentials in the DID document ... DID document can be a "Verifiable Profile"/"Entity Profile" in the VC model.
[Tue 12:47:30] <nage>	ugh
[Tue 12:47:34] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:47:34] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: kimhd, nage, ChristopherA, manu, Drummond, cwebber
[Tue 12:47:39] *	cdchapman is having trouble connecting via sip. Not connecting by phone either (all circuits are busy)
[Tue 12:47:39] <kimhd>	ack kimhd
[Tue 12:47:39] <voip-ccg>	kimhd has the floor (to ask about service aspects).
[Tue 12:47:40] *	dlongley Drummond: can say "q+ to say X" to get reminded of why you got on there
[Tue 12:47:43] *	ChristianLundkvist (~ChristianLundkvist@public.cloak) has joined #ccg
[Tue 12:48:01] <manu>	+1 for putting service links in service description specs
[Tue 12:48:08] <dlongley>	+1
[Tue 12:48:13] <manu>	so you can use them across all DID Documents...
[Tue 12:48:27] <rgrant>	q+ did the spec intend to move from the prior writeAuthorization verbiage to "authorization", as used in Appendix B?
[Tue 12:48:27] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has been added to the queue: nage, ChristopherA, manu, Drummond, cwebber, rgrant
[Tue 12:49:07] <nage>	I believe that most semantics should be moved to service specs and handled there, putting them in the DID Document means that semantics must be supported in some universal way (including to everyone who can see that document)
[Tue 12:49:17] *	manu cdchapman hmmm - you can't connect to 540-961-4469 ?
[Tue 12:49:21] <nage>	if you put it in a service then the service can discriminate depending on who is talking and why
[Tue 12:49:29] <nage>	that interaction is taking place
[Tue 12:49:41] <heathervescent>	Drummond: need a consistent way to describe keys associated with the DID. And we won't know all the use cases for them.
[Tue 12:49:55] *	Drummond good condensation, Heather!
[Tue 12:50:25] <manu>	q+ to note that the reason we're using JSON-LD and graphs and semantics for this is specifically because we want most of this stuff defined OUTSIDE of the DID spec... by design.
[Tue 12:50:25] <voip-ccg>	manu has been added to the queue: nage, ChristopherA, manu, Drummond, cwebber, rgrant, manu
[Tue 12:50:32] *	dlongley rgrant, i don't think he's in IRC
[Tue 12:50:45] <Drummond>	q+
[Tue 12:50:45] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has been added to the queue: nage, ChristopherA, manu, Drummond, cwebber, rgrant, manu, Drummond
[Tue 12:50:49] <heathervescent>	Buchner: There is certainly a concern around what keys can be used for what and when.
[Tue 12:51:13] <manu>	+1 to DID Document
[Tue 12:51:19] <mike-lodder>	yes DID document +1
[Tue 12:51:22] <dlongley>	+1 to DID Document
[Tue 12:51:22] <kimhd>	+1
[Tue 12:51:23] <JoeAndrieu>	+1
[Tue 12:51:28] <cwebber>	DIDDoc
[Tue 12:51:38] *	manu DID Document instead of DDO
[Tue 12:51:53] <cwebber>	+1, DID Document seems good to me :)
[Tue 12:52:01] <kimhd>	ack nage
[Tue 12:52:01] <voip-ccg>	nage has the floor (to explain more).
[Tue 12:52:02] *	dlongley plus it's the original name! :)
[Tue 12:52:09] *	dlongley no need to change old code :P
[Tue 12:52:18] *	cwebber it makes it sound like less like a completely separate concept
[Tue 12:52:30] *	cwebber oops remove one like
[Tue 12:52:52] <heathervescent>	Nage: every ledger who tries decentralized identifiers, they have different ways their ledgers work. transaction semantics bleed into the DDO objects and interoperability is difficult.
[Tue 12:53:31] <manu>	+1 to not letting transaction semantics bleed into DID spec.... 
[Tue 12:53:49] *	cdchapman manu nope. I've tried three times without success. Do I need to dial the extension directly?
[Tue 12:53:50] <heathervescent>	... there are other ways of authorization than key, need to make sure doesn't bleed into authorization or transaction semantics. What is the decoupling btwn ownership of Identity and transaction semantics.
[Tue 12:53:54] <cwebber>	q?
[Tue 12:53:54] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: ChristopherA, manu, Drummond, cwebber, rgrant, manu, Drummond
[Tue 12:54:08] *	cwebber meh my question isn't important enough right now :)
[Tue 12:54:09] <cwebber>	q-
[Tue 12:54:09] <voip-ccg>	cwebber has been removed from the queue: ChristopherA, manu, Drummond, rgrant, manu, Drummond
[Tue 12:54:11] <Drummond>	All good. Kim and Christopher, for the minutes, I would like to note that it appears we have general consensus around moving from the term "DDO" to "DID document" (or the verbal shorthand "DID doc"), and that we will start using this in the spec and documents about DIDs such as the DID Primer.
[Tue 12:54:14] *	manu cdchapman nope... our bridge just may be full :(((( - SIP is your only option at this point, sorry! :(
[Tue 12:54:49] *	cwebber I can disconnect from the phone call so cdchapman can dial in
[Tue 12:54:55] <kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[Tue 12:54:55] <voip-ccg>	ChristopherA has the floor.
[Tue 12:54:56] *	cwebber done
[Tue 12:55:02] *	manu cdchapman try now?
[Tue 12:55:05] *	cwebber needs to call into the SocialWG anyway
[Tue 12:55:11] *	manu waves to cwebber :)
[Tue 12:55:21] *	kimhd thanks cwebber!
[Tue 12:55:36] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:55:36] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: manu, Drummond, rgrant, manu, Drummond
[Tue 12:55:45] <JoeAndrieu>	I'll give my report here: No real progress since last report, but I would like to get feedback at RWoT on a first draft of the 15 steps in my engagement model. That's my current deadline for creating something to get initial feedback on.
[Tue 12:56:04] <heathervescent>	ChristopherA: Authorization/authentication not in the DID doc, but somewhere else, that is also important.
[Tue 12:56:12] <ChristianLundkvist>	Very good points by nage - a lot of times what can be expressed in the "authorization" parts in the DID doc cannot be enforced by the ledger
[Tue 12:56:17] <dlongley>	"proof of ownership" suggests ambient authority ... better to be really specific about what one is authorized to do once they have authenticated using a particular credential.
[Tue 12:56:23] <heathervescent>	... Services can be static document and not always Rest or other Api.
[Tue 12:56:41] <kimhd>	JoeAndrieu - is it the usual link? I'll dig it up
[Tue 12:57:09] <dlongley>	and to christopher's current point ... "particular credential" doesn't just mean "digital signature using a key".
[Tue 12:57:25] <heathervescent>	... not everything is going to be a simple signature. new security standards, there are new things that don't have traditional... btc block, some hashes, composite things acting as a signature.
[Tue 12:57:35] <JoeAndrieu>	Is there a usual link?
[Tue 12:57:53] <nage>	ChristianLundkvist: A global state machine puts you at an advantage for coupling semantics into this problem, but introduces interesting challenges around disclosure
[Tue 12:58:14] <dlongley>	so the capability model we're going for is: "the DID doc says these are all of the capabilities a client can construct ... if you're able to construct these (you have the necessary credentials), then you have the authority to use them to do things."
[Tue 12:58:16] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 12:58:16] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to talk to stability of DID spec and implementations...).
[Tue 12:58:17] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 12:58:17] <voip-ccg>	manu has the floor (to note that the reason we're using JSON-LD and graphs and semantics for this is specifically because we want most of this stuff defined OUTSIDE of the DID spec... by design.).
[Tue 12:58:18] <kimhd>	Joe Andrieu,  this one? http://legreq.com/files/WoT.VC.EngagementModel.pdf
[Tue 12:58:19] <JoeAndrieu>	There's nothing yet ready to review.
[Tue 12:58:21] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:58:21] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: Drummond, rgrant, Drummond
[Tue 12:58:24] <heathervescent>	... biometric as part of a series of authentication methods.
[Tue 12:58:55] <nage>	the debates around system identities vs transaction identities at Hyperledger have convinced me that keeping identity semantics different from credential semantics different from ledger transactions is going to either save us or condemn us
[Tue 12:58:56] *	cdchapman cwebber thanks! but it's still not working. I'll just have to join via irc today
[Tue 12:59:02] <heathervescent>	JoeA: Will have stuff to review at Rebooting Web of Trust.
[Tue 12:59:15] <Drummond>	@dlongley I agree with the general pattern of 1) apply authentication policy followed by 2) apply authorization policy. But I'm arguing that those two subjects are so rich and varied and evolving that we should limit the scope of the DID spec to: 1) standardizing extensible key descriptions (for any purpose), 2) then defining a small set of SPECIFIC authentication and authorization policies that can be applied to DID document operations.
[Tue 12:59:19] *	manu laughs at nage's "save us or condemn us" line...
[Tue 12:59:41] <kimhd>	q?
[Tue 12:59:42] <voip-ccg>	The current speaker queue is: Drummond, rgrant, Drummond
[Tue 12:59:48] <kimhd>	ack Drummond
[Tue 12:59:48] <voip-ccg>	Drummond has the floor.
[Tue 12:59:51] <dlongley>	"keys" may not even come into the picture (Christopher's point), so we have to be careful with that.
[Tue 13:00:05] <heathervescent>	Drummond: made points in the chat comments.
[Tue 13:00:11] <JoeAndrieu>	+1 drummond. DID authorizations should be wrt to the DDO / DID Doc only
[Tue 13:00:28] <nage>	I agree identity semantics are not the same as key posession (but can be easily confused by systems that don't need a difference)
[Tue 13:01:14] <kimhd>	ack rgrant
[Tue 13:01:14] <voip-ccg>	rgrant has the floor (did the spec intend to move from the prior writeAuthorization verbiage to "authorization", as used in Appendix B?).
[Tue 13:01:26] <dlongley>	JoeAndrieu: agree that authorizations should always be related to the DID doc itself or the entity the DID refers to (this is Christopher Allen's use case for authorizing issuance).
[Tue 13:01:33] <heathervescent>	Rgrant: Question: is there an intention to move away from the 'writeAuthorization' field?
[Tue 13:01:36] <Drummond>	@dlongley Yes, replace "keys" with "proofs" in everything I said.
[Tue 13:01:38] <ChristopherA>	Don't forget to register https://www.eventbrite.com/e/rebootingweboftrust-design-workshop-v-fall-2017-in-boston-area-usa-tickets-34984665075
[Tue 13:01:44] <heathervescent>	Manu: Yes, no more 'writeAuthorization'... just 'authorization' and capabilities that entities have IF they provide appropriate proofs.
[Tue 13:02:04] <heathervescent>	Thanks all.
[Tue 13:02:08] <nage>	ultimately an oracle of truth needs to validate the authorization, which is where the semantic barrier between the DDO Doc and the ledger transactions breaks down
[Tue 13:02:28] <nage>	we need some time to let that cook so we don't introduce too much policy where mechanism is enough
[Tue 13:02:50] <rgrant>	Nathan, thanks for thinking about the impedence issues
[Tue 13:02:50] <manu>	present+ hughes, lodder, longley, sporny, moses, lehn, nage, andrieu, kimhd, heathervescent, zundel, gropper, lundkvist, buchner, drummond, grant, andrieu, migus, webber, chapman, goodell

