[2019-12-17T17:02:34.820Z]	<manu>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:02:35.623Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:02:41.466Z]	<manu>	voip: number?
[2019-12-17T17:02:50.054Z]	<econnell>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:02:55.101Z]	<drummond>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:02:56.224Z]	<rhiaro>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:03:15.442Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:03:20.649Z]	<ChristopherA>	present_
[2019-12-17T17:03:24.873Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:03:32.448Z]	<manu>	voip: 27d is Manu
[2019-12-17T17:04:00.043Z]	<burn>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:04:03.640Z]	<chriswinc>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:04:05.680Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:04:06.158Z]	<Orie>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:04:06.979Z]	<IdentityWoman>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:04:12.371Z]	<sumita>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:04:18.285Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:04:27.564Z]	<drummond>	voip: 280 is drummond
[2019-12-17T17:04:27.924Z]	<ChristopherA>	 https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Dec/0069.html
[2019-12-17T17:04:41.542Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:04:47.094Z]	<Justin_R>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:05:09.068Z]	<joel>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:05:47.666Z]	<ChristopherA> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Dec/0069.html
[2019-12-17T17:05:47.882Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/join
[2019-12-17T17:06:11.061Z]	<ken>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:08:37.810Z]	<ChristopherA>	scribe: sumita
[2019-12-17T17:09:12.472Z]	<manu>	Topic: Introductions and Reintroductions
[2019-12-17T17:09:24.232Z]	<sumita>	introductions: none.
[2019-12-17T17:10:05.488Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2019-12-17T17:11:37.524Z]	<sumita>	reintros: Drummond from Evernym, Chief Trust Officer, chair governance wg, working on DID spec for long time (editor), involved in other standards in ccg
[2019-12-17T17:11:56.612Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/announcements
[2019-12-17T17:12:03.414Z]	<manu>	Topic: Announcements and Reminders
[2019-12-17T17:12:24.649Z]	<sumita>	Announcements: events aw EOY, no meeting for next 2 wks
[2019-12-17T17:12:33.272Z]	<agropper>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:13:05.489Z]	<sumita>	JoeA: no DID call.
[2019-12-17T17:13:30.566Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to ask about DVCG
[2019-12-17T17:14:21.844Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: DID community mtg 29JAN-1FEB in Amsterdam. 16MAR next RWOT. topics open 2mo prior (in JAN)
[2019-12-17T17:14:38.760Z]	<ChristopherA>	q- JoeAndrieu
[2019-12-17T17:15:07.401Z]	<sumita>	JoeA: since last mtg of year, get feedback now and clear up work items. where are we now?
[2019-12-17T17:15:35.293Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: number have not responded so we either archive their repo or move to JAN
[2019-12-17T17:15:42.000Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-12-17T17:15:46.875Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-dvcg
[2019-12-17T17:16:06.406Z]	<Orie>	Thats a Github Org
[2019-12-17T17:16:08.809Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2019-12-17T17:16:08.903Z]	<sumita>	JoeA: if you've worked in that repo, let's find a better home. lots of stuff in there
[2019-12-17T17:16:29.409Z]	<Orie>	+1 to move before archive / read only
[2019-12-17T17:16:37.260Z]	<sumita>	Manu: thought moving to CCG? not archiving...
[2019-12-17T17:16:56.051Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: if not an active person, then we cannot do anything
[2019-12-17T17:17:42.484Z]	<sumita>	manu: let's be careful about archiving. did not know we were doing. http sigs ...how are we msging peo to let them know?
[2019-12-17T17:18:23.312Z]	<sumita>	manu: if ok to xfer repos, then everyone can start now. raise issue on every repo that it will be archived, give 3mo, end of march 2020
[2019-12-17T17:18:34.519Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA:  can give till end of FEB, not 3mo
[2019-12-17T17:18:42.449Z]	<sumita>	manu: end of FEB to raise issues or will be archived
[2019-12-17T17:19:01.763Z]	<jonathan_holt>	present+ jonathan_holt
[2019-12-17T17:19:03.666Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Action Items
[2019-12-17T17:19:03.863Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2019-12-17T17:19:57.153Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: github to manage issues. starting at bottom...
[2019-12-17T17:20:16.671Z]	<sumita>	manu: need volunteer to take over spec
[2019-12-17T17:20:29.815Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: wo volunteer by end of FEB, we will archive. cannot add to it
[2019-12-17T17:21:10.252Z]	<dmitriz>	what was the first repo discussed, before the JWK one?
[2019-12-17T17:21:10.547Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: uport ? was volunteering ...but hasn't been worked on in 1yr. so we'll archive end-FEB
[2019-12-17T17:21:20.360Z]	<Orie>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/32
[2019-12-17T17:21:45.960Z]	<sumita>	manu: close issue [32]
[2019-12-17T17:21:57.910Z]	<Orie>	This is on me
[2019-12-17T17:22:05.187Z]	<Orie>	q+ to cover
[2019-12-17T17:22:41.433Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: 88 -- ongoing prob on how/where to store context for docs. where do DID methods store ...e.g. edu verifiable claims TF
[2019-12-17T17:23:33.620Z]	<sumita>	orie: wg...locs....holding off on pr ....to keep evolving ....we can close and reopen when clear path fwd.... how best to contribute to json-ld ....
[2019-12-17T17:24:23.640Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: verifiable claims wg moving to....charterized....what is final approval? [poss JAN]
[2019-12-17T17:24:37.060Z]	<drummond>	I already voted!
[2019-12-17T17:24:40.892Z]	<sumita>	manu: in Jan
[2019-12-17T17:25:10.940Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: need process ..repos/issues need to cont in wg area. discussions/non-wg docs are in ccg. 09 JAN, end of day ET is last vote
[2019-12-17T17:26:37.433Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: must get votes. ...process flows, discussions convos will happen here but it's up to members in formal wg to accept them as poss items to add to official wg
[2019-12-17T17:27:07.121Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: people on old list not in active wg. has that email been sent?
[2019-12-17T17:27:31.460Z]	<sumita>	dan: no. mailing list is still active, not closed. try now
[2019-12-17T17:27:46.227Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: housing schema for curren json-ld sigs
[2019-12-17T17:28:14.328Z]	<sumita>	manu: not part of json-ld grp.
[2019-12-17T17:29:01.973Z]	<sumita>	manu: pulled into verifiable creds....will get everything for ld sigs....blv we can use security context to do today but no tutorial drafted
[2019-12-17T17:29:06.534Z]	<Orie>	I have a thing for doing it with github pages
[2019-12-17T17:29:30.388Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: iphone app for implicit DIDs...need schema and timing for implicit DIDs
[2019-12-17T17:29:31.882Z]	<Orie>	Related the other issue I am working on: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/88#issuecomment-566663424
[2019-12-17T17:29:40.789Z]	<Orie>	Some approaches there^
[2019-12-17T17:30:20.800Z]	<Orie>	q+ to discuss https://github.com/w3c-ccg/vc-json-schemas
[2019-12-17T17:30:31.068Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: no schema for DIDS...constantly changing (btcr???) ...need to publish exts to that schema
[2019-12-17T17:30:51.261Z]	<dlongley>	q+
[2019-12-17T17:31:13.933Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-12-17T17:31:14.521Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: json schema. works with digital bazaar currently
[2019-12-17T17:31:17.840Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack orie
[2019-12-17T17:31:21.343Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack Orie
[2019-12-17T17:31:23.528Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack Orie
[2019-12-17T17:31:26.744Z]	<ChristopherA>	orie ack
[2019-12-17T17:31:30.982Z]	<dlongley>	q+ to ask "are we talking about json schema or JSON-LD contexts or linked data vocabularies?"
[2019-12-17T17:32:27.559Z]	<sumita>	orie: we have a work item for transmute + workday to use json-ld schema and context ...transmute's work w customs....ex is self-hosted in repo...
[2019-12-17T17:32:35.546Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/YR7nV1TP/
[2019-12-17T17:33:14.689Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: doesnt conform to context...valid context to sign it not there
[2019-12-17T17:33:37.573Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:34:03.711Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to invite help
[2019-12-17T17:34:15.805Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: process things ...need to revise in charter.... do in start of yr....need chairs to faciliate...need election...term is 2yrs...been in place for 3....need to update ccg processes
[2019-12-17T17:34:40.727Z]	<dlongley>	q?
[2019-12-17T17:34:55.890Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack dlongley
[2019-12-17T17:34:58.665Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack dlongley
[2019-12-17T17:35:17.086Z]	<ChristopherA>	dlongley:
[2019-12-17T17:35:22.384Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack dlongley
[2019-12-17T17:35:44.708Z]	<sumita>	dlongley: the pastebin did is correct and conforms to context....json schemas is soemthing diff....we have ld vocab
[2019-12-17T17:36:39.980Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: 1-yes on context. 2- not a signed doc. ...to support it. have newer code...
[2019-12-17T17:36:55.944Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-12-17T17:36:58.967Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-12-17T17:37:09.010Z]	<sumita>	JoeA: chris said 2 things: 1- update charter; 2- elections. plan is jan.
[2019-12-17T17:37:13.020Z]	<sumita>	q+
[2019-12-17T17:37:28.461Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack sumita
[2019-12-17T17:37:57.527Z]	<manu>	sumita: I am curious as to what the requirements are to formally be a part of the election process. USAA is still pending membership... hesitant to scribe because we're lurking. What are the requirements?
[2019-12-17T17:38:24.600Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: You don't have to be a W3C Member, you just have to be a CCG member, which anyone can do.
[2019-12-17T17:38:25.333Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: don't have to be w3c member for ccg. can join as indiv
[2019-12-17T17:38:58.549Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://www.w3.org/accounts/request
[2019-12-17T17:39:15.621Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://www.w3.org/community/about/agreements/cla/
[2019-12-17T17:39:30.061Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-12-17T17:39:38.209Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: can join as indiv ...lightweight community agreement
[2019-12-17T17:39:49.661Z]	<ChristopherA>	Topic: WebKMS
[2019-12-17T17:39:49.664Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/99
[2019-12-17T17:40:11.945Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://digitalbazaar.github.io/webkms/
[2019-12-17T17:40:23.708Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/webkms
[2019-12-17T17:40:23.760Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to mention transition
[2019-12-17T17:40:25.875Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: existing repo under DB...should be moved since approved as work item.
[2019-12-17T17:40:31.454Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack joe
[2019-12-17T17:40:37.786Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-12-17T17:41:00.325Z]	<sumita>	JoeA: look at DB repo, few misconfigs, don't worry, will fix.... intention is to move into repo
[2019-12-17T17:42:33.062Z]	<sumita>	manu: what we care about with any specs is that the IPR is clear. history of doc, mods/issues/etc must be preserved. ideally would transfer ownership from db to ccg. It's easy to do; could fix in header of spec. w3c ipr regime. click button then pull into ccg repo. web kms repo might cause issues. coord offline
[2019-12-17T17:42:44.647Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: can delete it if needed (web kms?)
[2019-12-17T17:43:06.920Z]	<sumita>	manu: many ways to move to preserve history.
[2019-12-17T17:43:28.140Z]	<sumita>	manu: orie from Transmute joining as editor
[2019-12-17T17:43:43.091Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-12-17T17:43:43.900Z]	<sumita>	manu: may be useful to go back over spec.
[2019-12-17T17:44:04.530Z]	<sumita>	JoeA: understand how web kms intended to fit into arch
[2019-12-17T17:45:22.420Z]	<Orie>	present+
[2019-12-17T17:45:31.806Z]	<sumita>	manu: ecosys that we're putting together has variety of components: aries...agents....digital wallets...personal data store...id hubs...enc data vaults... aspects not talked about , decentral kms. web kms. key mgmt part. clear: don't have strong feeling about web kms. it is 1 way of doing it, optional, not the only way. interoperable km.
[2019-12-17T17:45:37.947Z]	<manu>	https://digitalbazaar.github.io/webkms/#use-cases-and-requirements
[2019-12-17T17:47:05.089Z]	<dlongley>	we have JavaScript open source BSD-3 licensed libraries for Web KMS here: client (https://github.com/digitalbazaar/web-kms-client/tree/http-sig) and switch, a component to plug into a server (https://github.com/digitalbazaar/web-kms-switch/tree/http-sig)
[2019-12-17T17:47:22.466Z]	<sumita>	manu: sec 1.2 has use cases/reqs. why are we doing this spec? already km apis exist ...webauthn uses hw backed keys for dig sigs. fido keys. ...personal hw via web. web kms complementary to FIDO. look at azure, digital ocean....propreitary hw secure kms, interfaces are non-standard. so web kms tries to build UI into propreitary and open ones
[2019-12-17T17:47:38.134Z]	<dlongley>	we still need to express the JSON schema information here: https://github.com/digitalbazaar/web-kms-switch/tree/http-sig/lib/schemas ... in the Data Model section of the Web KMS spec
[2019-12-17T17:47:52.961Z]	<sumita>	manu: kms = black box that verfies sigs, protects keys, enc data, decrypt. simple/straightfwd
[2019-12-17T17:49:13.221Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-12-17T17:49:38.946Z]	<sumita>	manu: near impossible to exfil priv keys from kms. math proves it. ex: dig sig was generated on yubikey. all matters for high-risk use cases for $$$$$. or medical lics, or academic creds, barred med lic, ....in a nutshell that's web kms. ...ways of securing tx
[2019-12-17T17:49:39.222Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ to ask about key recovery, self-sovereign keys, social key recovery
[2019-12-17T17:49:44.320Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+
[2019-12-17T17:49:49.832Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-12-17T17:49:55.928Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2019-12-17T17:50:54.151Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: same terroritory as ss keys, recovery (indiv + socioal), support multi-sig...cooperate ...quorum....multi-people/multi-sig...or just wrapper around FIDO api.
[2019-12-17T17:51:41.383Z]	<sumita>	manu: mostly just wrapper around FIDO apis....aws, azure. foundational layer. multi-device sig...recovery....hae to care about those use cases. stuff done igher in stack, built on top of web kms
[2019-12-17T17:52:04.167Z]	<dlongley>	q+ to say there's a concept of "keystores" in Web KMS which have controller(s) and how those controllers change or are managed are handled at another layer
[2019-12-17T17:52:21.903Z]	<manu>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-12-17T17:52:24.701Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: what's in your wallet, topic paper. has diagrams on pieces in id wallet. unclear where kms fits in that diagram. iterate on it and need to understand the larger wallet arch fit for web kms
[2019-12-17T17:52:29.220Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-12-17T17:52:46.440Z]	<sumita>	manu: need a good diagram to show where web kms fits
[2019-12-17T17:52:55.705Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack jonathan_holt
[2019-12-17T17:53:09.346Z]	<ChristopherA>	The RWOT document with strawman architecture drawings: https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot9-prague/blob/master/topics-and-advance-readings/whats-wallet.md
[2019-12-17T17:53:37.289Z]	<manu>	q+ to note that it doesn't have to be web only, also thinking of API only stuff
[2019-12-17T17:53:45.340Z]	<sumita>	jonathan_holt: resservation: web wrappers around tools, pki, responsibility to do it right
[2019-12-17T17:53:46.433Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack agropper
[2019-12-17T17:54:53.930Z]	<manu>	q+ to note that there is layering here... wallet can use WebKMS  to access EDV, sign credentials, (or not)
[2019-12-17T17:55:04.108Z]	<sumita>	agropper: separation of consent as relates to access. Curious if any ix between web kms and storage Access control protocols, or is it separate? verifiable credential visibile at level
[2019-12-17T17:56:33.124Z]	<sumita>	dave: web kms client ...switching btwn kms modules... responding to CA wrt who has key recovery control. concept of key stores in web kms w controllers to specify and how youmanage them is handled at diff layer. works cleaning w auth capabilities, sign w diff keys, perform diff ops w diff keys, delegation, http api or via web app to invoke diff kms apps
[2019-12-17T17:56:38.301Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2019-12-17T17:57:14.927Z]	<dlongley>	it's not "browser only"
[2019-12-17T17:58:39.420Z]	<Orie>	yes please! single interface for things that do key management and signing... write one integration, portability across phone, browser, azure, aws, google, etc..
[2019-12-17T17:58:44.923Z]	<dlongley>	+1
[2019-12-17T17:58:47.094Z]	<sumita>	manu: jonathan, correct -- huge responsiility to design correctly. heavy security eng. not web only. orie/i have been talking: poss to define api, local, used by local apps that everyone can propgram...goes to mobile, uses SE to do something. works with SE to invoke key on remote sys (another web kms) looks like local call but is to someting you control or trust. from dev persp, you don't care if api is reaching out ... it is beyond http api. interest in plugging into FIDO.
[2019-12-17T17:59:04.401Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2019-12-17T17:59:44.583Z]	<dlongley>	WebKMS + EDVs layer and play nicely.
[2019-12-17T18:00:01.544Z]	<sumita>	manu: not http only, local apis too. adrian, sep of concerns ...we want it betwn various subsys. expect ares agent or digital wallets will IX w web kms to do digital signing , issuing creds, accessing data hub or crypto auth
[2019-12-17T18:00:15.452Z]	<dlongley>	WebKMS + signing VCs layers and plays nicely.
[2019-12-17T18:00:19.340Z]	<Orie>	WebKMS + Agents as well. its the solution to the non standard key and signature interfaces we are all using today.
[2019-12-17T18:00:41.869Z]	<manu>	q?
[2019-12-17T18:00:45.709Z]	<manu>	ack dlongley
[2019-12-17T18:00:45.993Z]	<sumita>	web kms designed to play nicely with all these systems. Having a standard way reduces dev burden and inc adoption rate
[2019-12-17T18:01:24.869Z]	<sumita>	dlongley: +1 to manu. standard interface to hook up kms mod in background
[2019-12-17T18:01:34.212Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-12-17T18:01:55.940Z]	<sumita>	ChristopherA: next mtg is jan 7th
[2019-12-17T18:02:10.806Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2019-12-17T18:02:17.267Z]	<Orie>	Thanks all :)
