[2019-06-18T15:59:23.760Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2019-06-18T15:59:24.705Z]	<Justin_R_>	present+
[2019-06-18T16:00:32.509Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2019-06-18T16:00:49.168Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2019-06-18T16:00:51.510Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ Joe_Andrieu
[2019-06-18T16:00:53.702Z]	<Vaughan_Emery>	present +
[2019-06-18T16:03:35.114Z]	<kezike>	present+
[2019-06-18T16:04:36.232Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2019-06-18T16:04:43.408Z]	<MosesM>	present+
[2019-06-18T16:04:52.752Z]	<kimhd>	present+ Vaughan_Emery
[2019-06-18T16:05:27.335Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2019-06-18T16:06:04.447Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: introductions and reintroductions
[2019-06-18T16:06:25.186Z]	<markus_sabadello>	Intro: James from ..?
[2019-06-18T16:06:36.715Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Introductions and Reintroductions
[2019-06-18T16:06:47.266Z]	<kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Jun/0032.html
[2019-06-18T16:06:47.666Z]	<kimhd>	Scribe:	markus_sabadello
[2019-06-18T16:06:47.715Z]	<markus_sabadello>	Intro: Daniel (?) from Workday
[2019-06-18T16:06:59.175Z]	<JeffO-StL>	present+
[2019-06-18T16:07:04.827Z]	<markus_sabadello>	James: I do Cyber and Identity Strategy
[2019-06-18T16:07:31.507Z]	<markus_sabadello>	Reintroduction: kimhd
[2019-06-18T16:07:57.455Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: co-chair of CCG, steering committee of Decentralized Identity Foundation (DIF), board of Rebooting-the-web-of-Trust
[2019-06-18T16:08:13.367Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: working at MIT on a credentialing scheme, based on standards and principles of this group
[2019-06-18T16:08:26.655Z]	<chrisboscolo>	present+
[2019-06-18T16:08:29.368Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: in the past, created blockcerts, earlier version of the standards we're discussing here
[2019-06-18T16:08:46.978Z]	<markus_sabadello>	Topic: Announcements and reminders
[2019-06-18T16:09:03.078Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: Regular call to work on DID Spec work every Thursday
[2019-06-18T16:09:11.292Z]	<markus_sabadello>	Meeting page: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qYBaXQMUoB86Alquu7WBtWOxsS8SMhp1fioYKEGCabE/
[2019-06-18T16:09:41.205Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: Next Rebooting-the-web-of-trust will be in Prague
[2019-06-18T16:10:22.758Z]	<markus_sabadello>	https://www.meetup.com/Vienna-Digital-Identity-Meetup/events/262359964/
[2019-06-18T16:11:33.554Z]	<markus_sabadello>	markus_sabadello: Planning pre-RWoT meetup page in Vienna Sep 1 to meet local Austrian identity community
[2019-06-18T16:11:57.349Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: TPAC 2019 is Sep 16-20 in Fukuoka, Japan
[2019-06-18T16:12:12.742Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: CCG chairs probably will not make it there, but we're planning a DID WG meeting
[2019-06-18T16:12:43.439Z]	<markus_sabadello>	Topic: Action Items
[2019-06-18T16:12:47.430Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22action%3A+review+next%22
[2019-06-18T16:13:28.468Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: #44 and #43, issues around security model / threat model of DIDs, requesting clarity on correlation
[2019-06-18T16:14:09.073Z]	<ChristopherA>	+1
[2019-06-18T16:14:26.456Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: have been lingering for a while... if no progress soon: propose to turn them into DID spec issues so they can be addressed in the DID WG
[2019-06-18T16:15:00.138Z]	<ChristopherA>	Maybe use new GitHub move issue feature.
[2019-06-18T16:15:01.108Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: i.e. close them in a week or so
[2019-06-18T16:15:28.514Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-wg-charter/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22help+wanted%22
[2019-06-18T16:15:42.287Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: We've been having breakout sessions to work on DID WG charter, triage issues
[2019-06-18T16:15:51.730Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: Closed about half of the issues (many editorial), still some remaining
[2019-06-18T16:16:02.628Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: This is a good opportunity to get involved!
[2019-06-18T16:16:30.917Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: If you want to help, click on above link to see the issues and feel free to contribute. Ask kimhd if you have any questions.
[2019-06-18T16:16:41.141Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/80
[2019-06-18T16:17:06.642Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2019-06-18T16:17:14.867Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: This is our list of work items
[2019-06-18T16:17:27.660Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: Both ongoing and completed ones.
[2019-06-18T16:18:01.272Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: We try to capture the efforts the group has done historically, so we can look and find historical work items.
[2019-06-18T16:18:28.158Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: You can help here too, help to update the list
[2019-06-18T16:18:34.360Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-06-18T16:19:07.777Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/45
[2019-06-18T16:19:09.408Z]	<markus_sabadello>	Topic: Work item repair
[2019-06-18T16:19:27.170Z]	<drummond>	present+
[2019-06-18T16:20:17.447Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: We identified 5 work items in that issue, what's the current status?
[2019-06-18T16:22:00.611Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: These work items were approved in previous meetings, but we don't have solid progress or editors or idea where things are going
[2019-06-18T16:22:13.168Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: We'd like to get an idea if we continue to put time into these
[2019-06-18T16:22:33.515Z]	<kimhd>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2019-06-18T16:22:53.541Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md may be a better resource right now than https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/45
[2019-06-18T16:23:51.627Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: Let's go over those 5 issues, have been in unchanged state for 6 months
[2019-06-18T16:24:18.172Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: Item 1: DID Engagement spreadsheet, there should be a Google doc, not sure where
[2019-06-18T16:24:23.728Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-06-18T16:24:49.421Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Ah... there is a URL. the first link in the table. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ZDHH1p4EBjxVqQJyO07gWOowhrsW2hrkRH2kgNzt0y0/edit#gid=1477995692
[2019-06-18T16:24:50.758Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: Suggest we try to find a new editor for this
[2019-06-18T16:25:10.468Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: Idea of this work: Who and where and how do various parties use DIDs?
[2019-06-18T16:25:40.442Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: Get an inventory of things; if we can't find an editor, we should close
[2019-06-18T16:26:15.320Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: Will reach out to see if someone is interested to move this along.
[2019-06-18T16:26:21.028Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: Volunteers?
[2019-06-18T16:26:34.456Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: Item 2: Digital Verification Specifications
[2019-06-18T16:26:56.748Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: This is a separate task force, haven't done a great job keeping track of status
[2019-06-18T16:27:56.069Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: Perhaps we should move this and list it as a "Draft Note", or other work item path, and officially list it
[2019-06-18T16:28:05.267Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: Has reached some level of completion, may be close to final
[2019-06-18T16:28:08.179Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/credential-handler-api/
[2019-06-18T16:28:13.320Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/digitalbazaar/credential-handler-polyfill
[2019-06-18T16:28:38.113Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: Item 3: Credential Handler API and Polyfill
[2019-06-18T16:29:01.377Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: This was developed by dlongley et al. at Digital Bazaar
[2019-06-18T16:29:24.314Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: Will reach out via email to check on status
[2019-06-18T16:30:01.374Z]	<heathervescent>	Dave Longley is joining momentarily
[2019-06-18T16:30:11.032Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: I know some people are working on updating RSA and secp256k1 digital verification specs
[2019-06-18T16:30:13.299Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2019-06-18T16:30:51.572Z]	<markus_sabadello>	Are we talking about this? https://w3c-ccg.github.io/ld-cryptosuite-registry/
[2019-06-18T16:31:06.620Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: there's been some work on reconciling names
[2019-06-18T16:31:07.287Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-06-18T16:31:42.328Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: where are the specs for these?
[2019-06-18T16:31:52.187Z]	<dlongley>	q+ to ask if there were questions about CHAPI (credential handler API)
[2019-06-18T16:33:15.227Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-06-18T16:33:43.019Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	markus_sabadello: we've known for a while this needs work.
[2019-06-18T16:34:27.253Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	... we've done an update recently where we introduce ecda secp2561, but still need the specification written
[2019-06-18T16:34:52.133Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	... the implementations here are various.
[2019-06-18T16:35:17.760Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+
[2019-06-18T16:35:23.973Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	... Agree with Christopher that how it works right now, process-wise needs work
[2019-06-18T16:35:28.319Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack dlongley
[2019-06-18T16:35:44.434Z]	<markus_sabadello>	Recently we just added "EcdsaSecp256k1Signature2019" (with no complete spec), simply to get alignment on Bitcoin-based and Ethereum-based DID methods
[2019-06-18T16:36:07.022Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: Where are we with Credential Handler API?
[2019-06-18T16:36:45.620Z]	<markus_sabadello>	dlongley: Spec is under CCG right now, right? People are implementing against the spec. But the spec needs to be updated and re-published.
[2019-06-18T16:36:58.309Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q-
[2019-06-18T16:37:06.316Z]	<markus_sabadello>	dlongley: Are planning to put more effort into updating this over the summer.
[2019-06-18T16:37:31.098Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: Is the polyfill also under CCG or under Digital Bazaar?
[2019-06-18T16:37:39.393Z]	<markus_sabadello>	dlongley: Digital Bazaar, since that's an implementation (open source)
[2019-06-18T16:38:04.109Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: This is a spec, but is it planning for a concrete WG to take this on?
[2019-06-18T16:38:26.388Z]	<markus_sabadello>	dlongley: Not at the moment, way forward would be for more implementations to happen against that spec, to build up ecosystem around it
[2019-06-18T16:38:36.662Z]	<markus_sabadello>	dlongley: Then in the future it would go into WG for browsers to implement.
[2019-06-18T16:39:05.351Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: could it be on a "Commentary" track right now? so it can be listed as a Community Report?
[2019-06-18T16:39:34.677Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: Longer term, where would it go?
[2019-06-18T16:40:03.250Z]	<markus_sabadello>	dlongley: Long term: Move it into WG (similar to what Web Payments did: first CG, then WG, then implemented in browsers)
[2019-06-18T16:40:34.350Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: Sounds like "specification" track, not "commentary"
[2019-06-18T16:40:36.281Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: Right
[2019-06-18T16:41:09.771Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: How does this interface with other related efforts, e.g. the various flavors of DID Auth that are happening
[2019-06-18T16:41:18.991Z]	<markus_sabadello>	dlongley: This API can be used to do DID Auth
[2019-06-18T16:42:15.736Z]	<markus_sabadello>	dlongley: Some politics around when is the right time.. Need broader support by people who implement. Want to make sure it remains generic and open
[2019-06-18T16:42:43.080Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: Perhaps we should include another editor added, from another community that supports this work
[2019-06-18T16:43:15.818Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: Should add it into CCG Github, then publish it as a draft report, with versioning
[2019-06-18T16:43:32.820Z]	<dlongley>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/credential-handler-api/
[2019-06-18T16:43:54.689Z]	<markus_sabadello>	dlongley: it's in Respec format and published in CCG
[2019-06-18T16:44:21.941Z]	<ajones_DB>	present+
[2019-06-18T16:45:01.008Z]	<markus_sabadello>	( JoeAndrieu  lost audio... )
[2019-06-18T16:45:30.757Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: Before major next revision, can an editor be added
[2019-06-18T16:45:32.409Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	shoot. I'll call back in
[2019-06-18T16:46:01.602Z]	<markus_sabadello>	dlongley: Propose by the end of the summer to find editor and publish next version
[2019-06-18T16:46:46.273Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: Continue with work items https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/45
[2019-06-18T16:47:00.387Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: Item 5: Engagement Model
[2019-06-18T16:47:16.399Z]	<kimhd>	q+
[2019-06-18T16:47:27.988Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: This document is mostly written as RWoT paper, but needs to be converted to Respec format
[2019-06-18T16:47:36.608Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack kimhd
[2019-06-18T16:47:41.492Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: Any volunteers to help with Respec format? Then we can publish it as a Note.
[2019-06-18T16:48:02.418Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: BillB has taken action item to look into automatical spec text conversion tools.
[2019-06-18T16:48:24.199Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: Hope we can batch-convert documents (try with a few test cases)
[2019-06-18T16:49:00.907Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: If anyone wants to help with spec text, that would be great
[2019-06-18T16:49:13.514Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ajones_DB: Regarding Respec, we have templates we have been using internally
[2019-06-18T16:49:21.858Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ajones_DB: Programmatically generate results of test frameworks
[2019-06-18T16:49:44.800Z]	<heathervescent>	Rock on Andrew!
[2019-06-18T16:49:47.468Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ajones_DB: Perhaps our tools have something in common that we can use
[2019-06-18T16:50:15.140Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ajones_DB: It's a Handlebars template, produces Respec document from Mocha (?) test results
[2019-06-18T16:50:33.366Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: Sounds good, please share
[2019-06-18T16:50:41.793Z]	<drummond>	Must leave the call early, but this is all good news about ReSpec tools.
[2019-06-18T16:51:14.182Z]	<ajones_DB>	https://github.com/w3c-dvcg/http-signatures-test-suite/tree/add-template-reporter/implementations
[2019-06-18T16:51:22.527Z]	<ajones_DB>	this code is a little out of date
[2019-06-18T16:51:50.968Z]	<ajones_DB>	but basically a custom mocha reporter outputs a json file which is then used by handlebars.js
[2019-06-18T16:53:06.546Z]	<markus_sabadello>	kimhd: Let's sync up with ajones_DB and BillB to see which tools we can use for Respec conversion
[2019-06-18T16:53:27.820Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: Let's look at proposed new work items
[2019-06-18T16:53:28.227Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/labels/proposed%20work%20items
[2019-06-18T16:53:33.490Z]	<kimhd>	Here is the issue tracking the conversion tool: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/76
[2019-06-18T16:53:49.950Z]	<kimhd>	it links to the conversion tool
[2019-06-18T16:54:09.930Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: 4 work items which have been proposed but not yet accepted
[2019-06-18T16:54:48.666Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: Let's talk about #71 OpenPgpSignature2019
[2019-06-18T16:55:10.110Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: This is another proposed new cryptographic suite
[2019-06-18T16:55:24.250Z]	<TallTed>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/71
[2019-06-18T16:55:55.848Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: This was proposed before we had simplified work items
[2019-06-18T16:56:24.592Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: @OR13 hasn't found a 2nd editor; this could be an "informal" work item, we don't need to officially approve it
[2019-06-18T16:57:05.695Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+
[2019-06-18T16:57:14.173Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: We should support it and accept as an "informal work item". What exactly does this entail?
[2019-06-18T16:57:49.034Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: Without 2nd editor, it doesn't qualify as official work item. So we should close and invite to resubmit when there is a 2nd editor.
[2019-06-18T16:58:21.706Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: But still, how can we support "informal" work items? Perhaps give them a chance to introduce it as part of the agenda of weekly CCG call?
[2019-06-18T16:59:01.036Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: My advice is, once it's more mature and has a 2nd editor, it should be officially announced.
[2019-06-18T16:59:49.986Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: We can still list it as an adjacent resource, not everything has to be an "official" work item.
[2019-06-18T17:00:02.889Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: Suggest to add it to https://w3c-ccg.github.io/ld-cryptosuite-registry/
[2019-06-18T17:00:27.680Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-06-18T17:00:34.992Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	ack jonathan_holt
[2019-06-18T17:00:41.490Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: Does anyone have proposed work items that should be discussed next week?
[2019-06-18T17:00:54.998Z]	<markus_sabadello>	jonathan_holt: What's the process of getting something into the ld-cryptosuite-registry ?
[2019-06-18T17:01:13.387Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/ld-cryptosuite-registry/#the-registration-process
[2019-06-18T17:01:20.907Z]	<markus_sabadello>	ChristopherA: Every registry will have requirements for how something gets into the registry
[2019-06-18T17:01:45.632Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: The ld-cryptosuite-registry has a brief section that explains this
[2019-06-18T17:01:57.687Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-06-18T17:02:04.474Z]	<markus_sabadello>	JoeAndrieu: thank you all, cu next week
[2019-06-18T17:02:29.406Z]	<MosesM>	Bye everyone!
