[2018-05-29T15:57:33.175Z]	<ChristopherA>	voip: ChristopherA is 1b7
[2018-05-29T15:58:15.005Z]	<ChristopherA>	voip: 01b7 is ChristopherA
[2018-05-29T15:58:15.005Z]	<ChristopherA>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2018May/0055.html
[2018-05-29T16:00:48.879Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2018-05-29T16:01:34.641Z]	<manu>	present+
[2018-05-29T16:01:40.047Z]	<achughes>	present+
[2018-05-29T16:01:44.021Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2018-05-29T16:01:45.073Z]	<lparker>	present+
[2018-05-29T16:01:49.649Z]	<mike-lodder>	present+
[2018-05-29T16:01:50.967Z]	<rgrant>	voip-ccg: connections
[2018-05-29T16:01:51.046Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2018-05-29T16:02:06.534Z]	<nage>	voip: 1c2 is nage
[2018-05-29T16:02:07.244Z]	<rgrant>	voip-ccg: 1c5 is rgrant
[2018-05-29T16:02:08.903Z]	<manu>	scribe: mike-lodder
[2018-05-29T16:02:19.424Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2018-05-29T16:02:21.500Z]	<heathervescent>	present+
[2018-05-29T16:03:06.227Z]	<kimhd>	voip: 1c0 is chrisb
[2018-05-29T16:03:25.410Z]	<manu>	Topic: Introductions and Re-Introductions
[2018-05-29T16:03:41.954Z]	<Reza_S>	Q+
[2018-05-29T16:04:03.753Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack Reza_S
[2018-05-29T16:04:30.247Z]	<agropper>	Present+ Adrian Gropper
[2018-05-29T16:04:30.709Z]	<mike-lodder>	Reza_S: PhD student in Canada in research for self sovereign identity and blockchain
[2018-05-29T16:05:29.522Z]	<mike-lodder>	agropper: volunteer CTO for a non-profit, work centers around self sovereign technology stack, verifiable credentials
[2018-05-29T16:05:45.315Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item%22
[2018-05-29T16:06:18.260Z]	<manu>	q+ to provide updates
[2018-05-29T16:06:32.954Z]	<achughes>	q+ to give update on spec text
[2018-05-29T16:07:11.281Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues/7
[2018-05-29T16:07:12.254Z]	<mike-lodder>	Manu: we had a call last week for ReSpec setup and editing process and achughes is in the process of cleaning it up and will be posted shortly
[2018-05-29T16:07:40.266Z]	<mike-lodder>	... working on issue # 7 and a PR that helps summarize the process. Will be pulled in after this call
[2018-05-29T16:07:59.426Z]	<mike-lodder>	... includes crypto text that can be included in other registries as well.
[2018-05-29T16:08:15.000Z]	<mike-lodder>	... we shouldn't close out the issue yet until after the call
[2018-05-29T16:08:27.303Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: any new dates on the new method spec?
[2018-05-29T16:08:30.541Z]	<mike-lodder>	Manu: not yet
[2018-05-29T16:08:55.920Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2018-05-29T16:09:02.340Z]	<manu>	ack manu
[2018-05-29T16:09:09.160Z]	<agropper>	q-
[2018-05-29T16:09:11.048Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-05-29T16:09:14.487Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack achughes
[2018-05-29T16:09:16.111Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	q+ to reply on mydata helsinki
[2018-05-29T16:09:21.460Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-05-29T16:09:47.522Z]	<mike-lodder>	achughes: the video should be ready in a week and include title block
[2018-05-29T16:09:50.300Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack markus
[2018-05-29T16:09:53.262Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack markus_sabadello_
[2018-05-29T16:09:58.575Z]	<manu>	Lots of thanks to Andrew Hughes for working on the video!
[2018-05-29T16:10:55.486Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ To ask if Markus will talk with Jogi in the near future
[2018-05-29T16:10:57.095Z]	<mike-lodder>	markus_sabadello: remove mydata in Helsinki so lets remove it from the agenda. There will not be a specific panel about DIDs and credentials but there will be talks about it
[2018-05-29T16:11:14.241Z]	<manu>	q+ to ask about "RWoT-like Design Salon"?
[2018-05-29T16:11:16.154Z]	<manu>	q-
[2018-05-29T16:11:48.106Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: will there be an incubation phase for this? We've heard some things about it like on Twitter but nothing definite yet
[2018-05-29T16:11:59.707Z]	<mike-lodder>	markus_sabadello: Nothing yet
[2018-05-29T16:12:12.063Z]	<identitywoman>	as an FYI - the middle day (Wednesday) of MyData is an unconference day. I am facilitating it - anything can be put on the agenda.
[2018-05-29T16:12:27.671Z]	<identitywoman>	results of that could feed into a follow-on day
[2018-05-29T16:12:42.614Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: maybe do a salon session before or after but need to plan it
[2018-05-29T16:12:42.780Z]	<dmitriz>	Kaliya, nice!
[2018-05-29T16:12:46.542Z]	<agropper>	I will be there and happy to participate in open space or hack
[2018-05-29T16:12:53.725Z]	<identitywoman>	The question is ARE they going to host it - and where it is.
[2018-05-29T16:13:07.461Z]	<dmitriz>	also, Friday is Interoperability + Decentralization type day, so there'll be several DID and CCG related sessions (including mine)
[2018-05-29T16:13:08.002Z]	<mike-lodder>	... markus_sabadello can you bring it up the next time you talk to them?
[2018-05-29T16:13:12.883Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q- My topic was just addressed
[2018-05-29T16:13:16.907Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q-
[2018-05-29T16:13:17.491Z]	<mike-lodder>	markus_sabadello: yes I will
[2018-05-29T16:13:20.593Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2018-05-29T16:13:48.140Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: I sent a psuedo proposal for DID use cases and charter
[2018-05-29T16:14:03.932Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22action+item%22
[2018-05-29T16:14:31.461Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/community/blob/master/work_items.md
[2018-05-29T16:15:17.669Z]	<agropper>	https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ZDHH1p4EBjxVqQJyO07gWOowhrsW2hrkRH2kgNzt0y0/edit#gid=1739693176
[2018-05-29T16:15:47.693Z]	<mike-lodder>	Lionel: agropper and I made available DID terms available and are looking for anyone who has use cases or demos available
[2018-05-29T16:16:47.911Z]	<mike-lodder>	... we have several who have submitted theirs already but if you know anyone doing anything with DIDs please add them to the list and make sure its accurately represented
[2018-05-29T16:17:07.940Z]	<agropper>	The DID Engagement Form: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1VHWkV_acKa6qxV-i_-kSJCwMS9X67PJHeb1VJUVwF6g/edit?usp=drive_web
[2018-05-29T16:17:08.991Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: where should we put this since its kind of an ongoing work item?
[2018-05-29T16:17:49.012Z]	<achughes>	q+ DID Primer respec
[2018-05-29T16:17:50.012Z]	<cwebber2>	q+
[2018-05-29T16:17:57.486Z]	<mike-lodder>	Manu: the DID spec is moving forward and pulling in PRs
[2018-05-29T16:17:58.224Z]	<kimhd>	action: Chairs to record DID Engagement spreadsheet as a done work item
[2018-05-29T16:18:10.672Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack achughes
[2018-05-29T16:18:41.071Z]	<mike-lodder>	achughes: I have imported the DID primer into ReSpec format and hopefully a week away to be completed
[2018-05-29T16:19:31.068Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-05-29T16:19:36.686Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack cwebber2
[2018-05-29T16:19:51.321Z]	<kimhd>	action: Chairs to add "DID Primer" as a Work Item
[2018-05-29T16:20:09.040Z]	<mike-lodder>	cwebber2:  started working on the design aspects of ocap-ld
[2018-05-29T16:20:38.360Z]	<mike-lodder>	... we should make all certificate chains using ocap-ld should be revocable
[2018-05-29T16:21:18.041Z]	<manu>	q+
[2018-05-29T16:21:24.429Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-05-29T16:21:28.161Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: we know veres1 is using ocap-ld is there anyone else?
[2018-05-29T16:21:40.746Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: veres1 is going to track the spec as close as we can
[2018-05-29T16:22:11.321Z]	<mike-lodder>	... for the past week we've been discussing if revocation is an implied item or they just expire
[2018-05-29T16:22:37.064Z]	<mike-lodder>	... we will upgrade as needed if the spec changes
[2018-05-29T16:23:08.721Z]	<manu>	q+ to mention that there are users outside of Veres One. :)
[2018-05-29T16:23:16.622Z]	<mike-lodder>	cwebber2: we are working on a generic ocap-ld outside of veres1 for others to use but not aware of anyone else using it
[2018-05-29T16:23:50.024Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-05-29T16:23:53.702Z]	<mike-lodder>	... we would like other people to look at adopting it as long as they participate in the document discussions
[2018-05-29T16:24:13.663Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: there are users outside of veres1 but we can't talk about it due to NDAs
[2018-05-29T16:24:20.375Z]	<kimhd>	We should check with Mark Miller on Agoric using it: https://agoric.com/
[2018-05-29T16:24:24.893Z]	<mike-lodder>	... just in proof of concepts (POC)s
[2018-05-29T16:24:40.450Z]	<manu>	Kim, very good idea... should check in w/ Mark.
[2018-05-29T16:24:49.454Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: I would like to see btcr use it too but can't use it for the DID side of things
[2018-05-29T16:24:58.245Z]	<dmitriz>	q+
[2018-05-29T16:25:05.915Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack dmitriz
[2018-05-29T16:25:13.753Z]	<Moses>	q+
[2018-05-29T16:25:27.586Z]	<mike-lodder>	dmitriz: Give an update on the DID resolution spec
[2018-05-29T16:25:38.927Z]	<drummond>	q+
[2018-05-29T16:25:41.060Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack moses
[2018-05-29T16:25:44.765Z]	<mike-lodder>	... there is a repo for that now
[2018-05-29T16:25:45.570Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack Moses
[2018-05-29T16:26:01.167Z]	<mike-lodder>	Moses: working with HTC to come up with a use case for the DID
[2018-05-29T16:26:02.705Z]	<dmitriz>	link: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-resolution
[2018-05-29T16:26:11.210Z]	<Lionel>	+1
[2018-05-29T16:26:33.664Z]	<drummond>	q- (I was just going to ask for a link to the DID resolution spec ;-)
[2018-05-29T16:26:43.245Z]	<Lionel>	Moses, Yes, let's continue that discussion.
[2018-05-29T16:27:15.502Z]	<agropper>	@moses I would like to know more about the location use-case. Can we talk?
[2018-05-29T16:27:16.432Z]	<kimhd>	present+ Samantha
[2018-05-29T16:27:17.487Z]	<mike-lodder>	Samantha: Working with Nissan's machine learning for DID's for self driving cars
[2018-05-29T16:28:01.306Z]	<Lionel>	+1 automobile very interesting!
[2018-05-29T16:28:38.941Z]	<manu>	Topic: Wyoming Blockchain Task Force Meeting
[2018-05-29T16:29:03.963Z]	<Lionel>	@agropper: I'll be glad to update you about decentralized location
[2018-05-29T16:29:04.146Z]	<ChristopherA>	http://www.wyoleg.gov/2018/Introduced/HB0101.pdf
[2018-05-29T16:29:12.825Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: I went to the Wyoming Blockchain Task Force Meeting last week. They are active in trying to be a leader with this type of technology
[2018-05-29T16:29:34.789Z]	<mike-lodder>	... such cases like identities of share holders
[2018-05-29T16:29:35.885Z]	<ChristopherA>	https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/lRaIoc2l/
[2018-05-29T16:29:44.333Z]	<ChristopherA>	"Identity" means the name of a
[2018-05-29T16:29:44.334Z]	<ChristopherA>	12 shareholder or the network address for which the
[2018-05-29T16:29:44.406Z]	<ChristopherA>	13 shareholder has knowledge or possession of the private key
[2018-05-29T16:29:44.406Z]	<ChristopherA>	14 uniquely associated with the network address;
[2018-05-29T16:30:11.006Z]	<ChristopherA>	16 (xlvii) "Network address" means the string of
[2018-05-29T16:30:11.007Z]	<ChristopherA>	17 alphanumeric characters on one (1) or more distributed or
[2018-05-29T16:30:11.007Z]	<ChristopherA>	18 other electronic networks or databases that may only be
[2018-05-29T16:30:11.041Z]	<ChristopherA>	19 accessed by knowledge or possession of a private key in
[2018-05-29T16:30:11.081Z]	<ChristopherA>	20 order to facilitate or record transactions on the
[2018-05-29T16:30:11.081Z]	<ChristopherA>	21 distributed or other electronic network or database;
[2018-05-29T16:30:39.585Z]	<mike-lodder>	... its really close to DIDs
[2018-05-29T16:30:42.074Z]	<drummond>	AGreed, it is very close to DID.
[2018-05-29T16:31:09.042Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: Wyoming is typically concerned about privacy
[2018-05-29T16:31:22.975Z]	<mike-lodder>	... and they want to make it work with what we are doing
[2018-05-29T16:31:46.569Z]	<mike-lodder>	... if anyone wants to work with me to help address what they are doing please let me know
[2018-05-29T16:32:12.966Z]	<mike-lodder>	... we have until September to improve on these definitions
[2018-05-29T16:32:28.427Z]	<manu>	Topic: Summer Hackathon
[2018-05-29T16:32:28.427Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: We are having one the week of July 16th, more information will be provided in the coming weeks as we figure things out.
[2018-05-29T16:33:58.770Z]	<manu>	Topic: Focal Use Cases
[2018-05-29T16:34:24.313Z]	<mike-lodder>	JoeAndrieu: I have repurposed the DID url for the use cases
[2018-05-29T16:34:40.830Z]	<mike-lodder>	... and the document to include what everyone has sent me
[2018-05-29T16:34:58.153Z]	<mike-lodder>	... still in the gathering phase
[2018-05-29T16:35:25.821Z]	<mike-lodder>	... today we will refine those and boil it down to discrete use cases
[2018-05-29T16:35:50.747Z]	<kimhd>	q+ permissions to edit
[2018-05-29T16:36:08.387Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-05-29T16:36:15.520Z]	<manu>	q+ to note use case sent this morning.
[2018-05-29T16:36:27.942Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wz8sakevXzO2OSMP341w7M2LjAMZfEQaTQEm_AOs3_Q/edit?usp=sharing
[2018-05-29T16:36:30.070Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack drummond
[2018-05-29T16:36:35.341Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack kimhd
[2018-05-29T16:36:46.175Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-05-29T16:37:01.406Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-05-29T16:37:29.170Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Indeed, Manu #6
[2018-05-29T16:38:19.521Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: we will now walk through the content
[2018-05-29T16:38:53.883Z]	<mike-lodder>	... 1st use case: digital executor
[2018-05-29T16:39:56.403Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: how to deal with assets when someone dies, third party executors
[2018-05-29T16:40:28.342Z]	<mike-lodder>	... 2nd use case kimhd: EDU DID use case
[2018-05-29T16:40:50.207Z]	<mike-lodder>	kimhd: lifelong recipient of the DID
[2018-05-29T16:41:29.541Z]	<mike-lodder>	... recipient can own and share credentials independent of issuers, breaks down when crypto keys are involved
[2018-05-29T16:41:56.641Z]	<mike-lodder>	... this use case is to bring crypto keys to the forefront
[2018-05-29T16:42:08.785Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+ on long-lived credentials
[2018-05-29T16:43:26.401Z]	<mike-lodder>	kimhd: need to fix the vocabulary to eliminate overloaded technical terms
[2018-05-29T16:43:49.667Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+
[2018-05-29T16:43:56.366Z]	<manu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-05-29T16:44:05.681Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-05-29T16:44:26.301Z]	<mike-lodder>	kimhd: this is just a first pass and need to continue to refine it and learning to write specifications for the W3C
[2018-05-29T16:45:18.982Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: general feedback-1 besides EDU credentials, other items like married on, the two parties married involved or the dealing with taxes
[2018-05-29T16:45:45.021Z]	<mike-lodder>	... timestamping becomes important to show it was valid. Show is married now to vs then
[2018-05-29T16:45:48.225Z]	<manu>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-05-29T16:45:53.309Z]	<manu>	q?
[2018-05-29T16:46:08.564Z]	<kimhd>	+1 on calling out importance of timestamping
[2018-05-29T16:46:13.093Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-05-29T16:46:15.562Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack Joe
[2018-05-29T16:46:18.940Z]	<mike-lodder>	... be careful with long term things like real estate because current key algorithms may not be valid in 20-30 years
[2018-05-29T16:46:19.606Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2018-05-29T16:46:51.625Z]	<Lionel>	q+
[2018-05-29T16:47:17.931Z]	<drabiv>	Sorry, I am not able to connect on SIP to explain Validbook DID use case. I'll try to do this on the next call.
[2018-05-29T16:47:27.363Z]	<kimhd>	thanks Joe, that helps
[2018-05-29T16:48:18.695Z]	<mike-lodder>	Moses: 1st use case-user is gay man in Egypt, government cracking down on that, use DIDs to psuedonymize
[2018-05-29T16:48:56.891Z]	<mike-lodder>	Moses: 2nd use case-crypto currency in countries is illegal, use DIDs to keep your control
[2018-05-29T16:49:11.341Z]	<mike-lodder>	Moses: use DIDs and verifiable credentials for KYC
[2018-05-29T16:49:21.909Z]	<mike-lodder>	Moses: 3rd use case with HTC and cellphones
[2018-05-29T16:49:34.590Z]	<manu>	q+ to cover Decentralized Corporate Identifiers use case.
[2018-05-29T16:49:41.142Z]	<mike-lodder>	... using credentials also for reputation based systems
[2018-05-29T16:50:16.227Z]	<markus_sabadello_>	q+
[2018-05-29T16:50:16.909Z]	<mike-lodder>	... safeguard you with mobility
[2018-05-29T16:50:17.421Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-05-29T16:50:26.062Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack Lionel
[2018-05-29T16:51:01.028Z]	<mike-lodder>	Lionel: +1 scenario digital executor, might want to broaden the key recovery aspects
[2018-05-29T16:51:10.846Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-05-29T16:51:27.812Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-05-29T16:51:52.001Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: our use case is around decentralized corporate
[2018-05-29T16:52:07.148Z]	<mike-lodder>	... using DIDs to secure supply chains
[2018-05-29T16:53:03.569Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-05-29T16:53:09.229Z]	<mike-lodder>	... verifiable credentials to check IoT or electronics in a global way
[2018-05-29T16:53:46.251Z]	<mike-lodder>	... and use DIDs to have suppliers sign that they touched a specific component along the chain
[2018-05-29T16:54:01.148Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack markus_sabadello_
[2018-05-29T16:54:24.707Z]	<drummond>	I love Manu's use case for decentralized corporate identifiers and public key verification.
[2018-05-29T16:54:43.122Z]	<mike-lodder>	markus: I want to encourage that we don't push for anything illegal
[2018-05-29T16:54:50.109Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-05-29T16:54:51.442Z]	<mike-lodder>	... with our use cases
[2018-05-29T16:55:01.302Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-05-29T16:55:04.542Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2018-05-29T16:55:04.684Z]	<heathervescent>	+1 Markus
[2018-05-29T16:55:10.501Z]	<Lionel>	+1 Markus
[2018-05-29T16:55:22.207Z]	<mike-lodder>	ChristopherA: legality is very complex
[2018-05-29T16:55:30.753Z]	<Lionel>	Can re-word the use case for general crypto currency owner protection
[2018-05-29T16:55:36.787Z]	<mike-lodder>	... we should deal with that later
[2018-05-29T16:55:43.726Z]	<Lionel>	Some high value owners are concerned about potential harm and kidnappings.
[2018-05-29T16:55:45.083Z]	<cwebber2>	+1 for human rights taking priority
[2018-05-29T16:55:53.055Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-05-29T16:55:54.184Z]	<manu>	q?
[2018-05-29T16:55:56.069Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack agropper
[2018-05-29T16:55:56.702Z]	<manu>	q+ to respond to AdrianG
[2018-05-29T16:55:58.294Z]	<Moses>	Can we get a URL for the UN info?
[2018-05-29T16:56:18.010Z]	<mike-lodder>	agropper: what does the government expect to be put there for the supply the chain
[2018-05-29T16:56:21.703Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2018-05-29T16:56:29.950Z]	<mike-lodder>	... its not clear in the use case
[2018-05-29T16:56:30.261Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack manu
[2018-05-29T16:57:14.912Z]	<mike-lodder>	manu: there would be more than signatures like hashes of the current firmware
[2018-05-29T16:57:24.842Z]	<mike-lodder>	... or versions
[2018-05-29T16:57:25.041Z]	<Lionel>	+1 on software checksums related to DIDs
[2018-05-29T16:57:36.961Z]	<jarlath>	sorry joined late: are the use cases documented somewhere so that we can see if there are other uses cases from our perspective we can suggest?
[2018-05-29T16:57:42.432Z]	<Moses>	I've heard that crypto company executives have been kidnapped already, because the ransom has been preformatted for this application.
[2018-05-29T16:57:50.521Z]	<rgrant>	new use case #10 is single-sign-on using DID-Auth.  maybe someone more closely involved in DID-Auth can review.
[2018-05-29T16:58:21.901Z]	<heathervescent>	Very cool Manu
[2018-05-29T16:59:47.746Z]	<Lionel>	Unrelated, but asking: any Credential or DID folks in Tokyo for Blockchain Conference June 26 http://japan-blockchain-c.com/en/?
[2018-05-29T17:00:11.630Z]	<jarlath>	Thank you!
[2018-05-29T17:00:40.781Z]	<ChristopherA>	q?
[2018-05-29T17:00:43.601Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack chrisb
[2018-05-29T17:00:46.873Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack chrisb
[2018-05-29T17:00:48.001Z]	<manu>	scribe: manu
[2018-05-29T17:00:48.001Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: We should take some time on future calls for other use cases after this call.
[2018-05-29T17:00:51.221Z]	<ChristopherA>	ack ChristopherA
[2018-05-29T17:01:08.284Z]	<manu>	JoeAndrieu: Some of these are still raw skeletons... I'd like to pick a few to refine next.
[2018-05-29T17:01:17.395Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Let's schedule some time to do that.
[2018-05-29T17:01:20.133Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Perhaps in two weeks.
[2018-05-29T17:02:07.904Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: I'd like to get update on uPort, ERCs, DID Methods. If anyone else has a DID-specific method, something important to discuss, we have some open spots in upcoming weeks.
[2018-05-29T17:02:25.086Z]	<manu>	ChristopherA: Let the Chairs know if you have something you want to present about. Thanks all, great work on start to use cases.
[2018-05-29T17:02:40.288Z]	<Moses>	bye everyone
[2018-05-29T17:03:19.085Z]	<manu>	present+ kcox, drummond, vescent, christophera, hughes, shadan, lehn, longley, andrieu, dmitri, cwebber, kaliya, chrisb, nage, rgrant, drabiv, sam, burn, orgel, moses, lionel, sabadello, jarlath
