[Tue 11:04:05] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webpayments-ig/2016Aug/0013.html
[Tue 11:04:45] <dlongley>	scribe: dlongley
[Tue 11:04:45] <dlongley>	manu goes over agenda.
[Tue 11:04:51] *	chewie (~Mark@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:05:02] <dlongley>	manu: We have a new participant in the group joining for the first time today from KouponMedia.
[Tue 11:05:13] <voip-vctf>	Matt Stone [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000000e5] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:05:13] <dlongley>	manu: We had a nice meeting with Bob in San Jose last week.
[Tue 11:05:32] <dlongley>	manu: We'll do an intro to him at the beginning of the call. Any other additions to the agenda?
[Tue 11:05:39] <dlongley>	gropper: I've joined the call as well.
[Tue 11:05:52] <dlongley>	manu: Ok, great, we'd like an intro to you as well after Bob.
[Tue 11:06:02] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to Bob Burke, Koupon Media
[Tue 11:06:20] <manu>	voip: e1 is AdrianGropper
[Tue 11:06:21] <voip-vctf>	Associated AdrianGropper with SIP/69.65.34.216-000000e1.
[Tue 11:06:40] <voip-vctf>	Matthew Larson [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000000e6] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:51] <voip-vctf>	14105315457 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000e7] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:06:55] <dlongley>	Burke: Hello everyone, pleasure to be here, I appreciate all the work done here. I'm CTO of KouponMedia, been doing digital offers space for over 5 years now. Interest in VC is an opportunity for digital offers. We find a lot of clients are interested in apps and the mobile web experience and VC help there.
[Tue 11:07:00] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to Adrian Gropper, HealthURL
[Tue 11:07:01] *	les (~les@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:07:10] <manu>	voip: e7 is Les
[Tue 11:07:11] <voip-vctf>	Associated Les with SIP/69.65.34.216-000000e7.
[Tue 11:07:22] <dlongley>	gropper: I am a full time volunteer CTO of a non-profit called Patient Privacy Rights for the past 4 years or so. My focus is on self-sovereign tech for managing private info.
[Tue 11:07:48] <dlongley>	gropper: I'm a long time contributed to user management authorization work out of the pantara group and the helped start UMA under OpenID foundation.
[Tue 11:08:08] <dlongley>	gropper: All based on OpenID Connect and OAuth, I'm trying to put together a demo on all these things and how they fit together under the W3C community model.
[Tue 11:08:29] <manu>	Topic: Verifiable Claims Face-to-Face at IIW
[Tue 11:08:30] <dlongley>	manu: Welcome Bob and Adrian to the group. We're hoping this will be very useful for what you're trying to do.
[Tue 11:09:03] <dlongley>	manu: We reached out to the folks that run II workshop and had a good conversation with them to co-locate or getting space around those days at IIW ... maybe before or after.
[Tue 11:09:13] <manu>	http://www.internetidentityworkshop.com/
[Tue 11:09:17] <dlongley>	manu: Those discussions are still on-going but it's looking like we're going to meet in October and have our first F2F then.
[Tue 11:09:53] <dlongley>	manu: Loosely, just to recap, there's a meeting of the rebooting Web of Trust Workshop the previous week to IIW. We think that it's going to be RWoTW and then VC F2F and then IIW.
[Tue 11:10:16] <dlongley>	manu: That would sandwich us in the middle or we might move it to the end of IIW and co-locate with them, we're still working through the details but this is our only chance to meet this year and co-locate.
[Tue 11:10:32] <dlongley>	Richard: Dates please? :)
[Tue 11:10:32] <KerriLemoie>	https://www.eventbrite.com/e/internet-identity-workshop-xxiii-23-2016b-tickets-25853411249
[Tue 11:10:44] <dlongley>	Dave: It would be 25-27 October for IIW.
[Tue 11:10:57] <dlongley>	manu: We're trying to do RWoT 18-20
[Tue 11:11:28] <dlongley>	manu: So around 21-22 or 27-28 (roughly).
[Tue 11:11:38] <dlongley>	manu: If we go later we lose a couple of folks, Nate, Dan, etc.
[Tue 11:11:52] <dlongley>	Dave: I'll be missing regardless, maybe remote access, I don't know.
[Tue 11:11:57] <dlongley>	manu: So those are the dates we're playing with.
[Tue 11:11:58] <gkellogg>	+1 for end of IIW
[Tue 11:12:04] <dlongley>	manu: 20-21, 21-22, or 27-28.
[Tue 11:12:07] <dlongley>	manu: Of October.
[Tue 11:12:21] <dlongley>	manu: Regardless if we don't co-locate with IIW then we'll have a big session there.
[Tue 11:12:24] <gkellogg>	q+
[Tue 11:12:24] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has been added to the queue: gkellogg
[Tue 11:12:25] <burn>	+1 before IIW
[Tue 11:13:18] <dlongley>	Tim: Apart from the more centralized versions, the alternatives appear to be blockchain or biometrics, protecting self-sovereignty by computational horsepower ... other things, like IPFS look like a social mechanism for protection. I'm wondering if pointing out that distinction is a good idea.
[Tue 11:13:22] <dlongley>	manu: That's the third agenda topic today.
[Tue 11:13:28] <dlongley>	manu: We'll definitely get to it in the agenda today.
[Tue 11:13:28] <manu>	ack gkellogg 
[Tue 11:13:28] <voip-vctf>	gkellogg has the floor.
[Tue 11:14:12] <dlongley>	gkellogg: People are probably coming from out of town for both RWoT and IIW but probably more for IIW and taking onto IIW may get more participation. That might encourage more adoption. Myself I'm not available at all during RWoT week.
[Tue 11:14:22] <dlongley>	manu: Unfortunately, it's always the case we're going to lose key people with any dates we pick.
[Tue 11:14:27] <dlongley>	manu: Anything else on IIW/F2F?
[Tue 11:15:14] <manu>	topic: Verifiable Claims RC-2 Draft Charter
[Tue 11:15:19] <dlongley>	manu: One more thing -- we're looking for folks to put in some money to help sponsor food and stuff like that for people. We may need money for a venue, my hope is that SpecOps may put some in and we want other orgs to help out. We're co-locating so not that expensive, a couple thousand dollars. Please contribute if you have the means to do so.
[Tue 11:15:25] <manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2016Aug/0019.html
[Tue 11:15:53] <dlongley>	manu: Wendy Seltzer from W3C management team got back to us with a list of changes she wanted. We responded to everything and made some concessions in the charter without hopefully violating what we're trying to accomplish here.
[Tue 11:16:37] <dlongley>	manu: We sent that out a little more than a week ago, havne't heard back yet, in a holding pattern waiting to hear from W3CM and Microsoft.
[Tue 11:16:46] <dlongley>	manu: Hopefully, Shane, when you talk with Google you can pass this by them as well.
[Tue 11:16:49] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/charter/rc-2-diff.html
[Tue 11:16:53] <dlongley>	manu: Here's a diff marked copy in IRC.
[Tue 11:16:59] <dlongley>	manu: It contains the changes that we've made.
[Tue 11:17:41] <dlongley>	manu: The main feedback she had was around scope; wanted to keep it under control. We were talking about transacting claims in the charter but we weren't planning on standardizing anything for that in the WG.
[Tue 11:18:03] <dlongley>	manu: In the worst case the group might believe it was chartered to work on a protocol when it's not. We changed words like "transact" with "express" etc.
[Tue 11:18:17] <dlongley>	manu: We're not proposing to do a protocol in this WG.
[Tue 11:18:19] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/charter/rc-2-diff.html#problem
[Tue 11:18:50] <dlongley>	manu: She said we can't promise that what we do will be widely used so we struck that. In the problem statement is the biggest change to the charter.
[Tue 11:20:01] <dlongley>	manu: There are two conflicting things we're trying to reconcile: ... there's a general desire from the CCG and the VCTF to identify a fairly broad problem. We've gone to great lengths to get consensus on the problem statement. THe problem with this is that Wendy and MS found issue with it because it sounds like we're going to try and solve the *entire* problem statement in the first cut. The yellow text clarifies that the problem statement provides motivation for the work but the WG scope is more narrow. So then we list all the things that are out of scope.
[Tue 11:20:19] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000000e8] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:21:19] <dlongley>	manu: For example, protocol is out of scope. A creation of a self-sovereign ecosystem requires more work than what's in the charter ... and that's out of scope. Then they said they wanted us to focus on use cases that had participants in the group. If we work on something for the automotive industry and we have no one in the group from that sector we don't focus there. Instead, we focus on cases for people in the group, like retail, education, etc.
[Tue 11:21:34] <dlongley>	manu: We can't insist that what we're coming up with will work for industries that aren't in the group.
[Tue 11:22:05] <dlongley>	manu: The final thing we say there is that, while the scope is narrow, the group should not prevent the broader problem from being solved (keeping the broader problem in mind, basically).
[Tue 11:22:12] <dlongley>	manu: Are people ok with this, does it go too far, etc.?
[Tue 11:22:37] <dlongley>	tim: What happens if, through the dev of the work, and new stakeholders become interested ... are we able to amend?
[Tue 11:22:47] <agropper>	q+
[Tue 11:22:47] <voip-vctf>	agropper has been added to the queue: agropper
[Tue 11:22:52] <dlongley>	tim: Pending some trigger, if X parties join, etc.?
[Tue 11:23:11] <dlongley>	manu: Absolutely, I understand what you're saying. The third bullet point says will focus on WG participants, it doesn't say anything about when they join.
[Tue 11:23:25] <dlongley>	manu: If we get 5 companies joining from some industry half way through, that should be in scope.
[Tue 11:23:40] <dlongley>	tim: Do we need to add something about onboarding, so that opportunity is made clear?
[Tue 11:23:46] <manu>	ack agropper 
[Tue 11:23:46] <voip-vctf>	agropper has the floor.
[Tue 11:23:51] <dlongley>	manu: Let's hear from the group.
[Tue 11:24:03] <dcrocker>	q+
[Tue 11:24:03] <voip-vctf>	dcrocker has been added to the queue: dcrocker
[Tue 11:25:12] <manu>	ack dcrocker 
[Tue 11:25:12] <voip-vctf>	dcrocker has the floor.
[Tue 11:25:14] <dlongley>	gropper: We're not saying enough about what self-sovereignty means relative to the participants and the scope. For example, when you say education and payments, when you narrow it to that as opposed to healthcare for example, we're losing the concept that professional societies that represent ... like doctors, lawyers, representing both of these groups are much more interested in self-sovereignty than industrial participants. I think we can't just focus on industrial contributors out of say, institutional contributors, like educaitonal, automotive, that have to deal with that issue.
[Tue 11:25:54] <manu>	q+ to note what's currently happening in the Web Payments WG
[Tue 11:25:54] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu
[Tue 11:26:07] <burn>	We need to do whatever gets the group created for now.  As long as we participants maintain our understanding of what is meant by the charter we can do the work we need to do.  Let's modify the charter as little as we can get away with for now.
[Tue 11:26:10] <manu>	q+ to mention re-chartering
[Tue 11:26:10] <voip-vctf>	manu has been added to the queue: manu, manu
[Tue 11:26:35] <dlongley>	dave: The obvious danger of working on changing the targets when someone new shows up is that it can destabilize the process. It can be a non-terminating process as well. The usual way of dealing with new people joining is to educate them offline so they don't interrupt the flow. To the extent that people join with new goals that aren't addressed it makes sense to stop and think about changing and expanding goals vs. reorienting goals. If there's a sense that the current goals have a reasonable degree of core benefit ... then when someone new comes in will just be adding not asking for changes.
[Tue 11:26:52] <dlongley>	crocker: Usually, and hopefully and in this case, you can defer adding things and what this does is to build up a wish list for V2.
[Tue 11:26:56] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:26:56] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to note what's currently happening in the Web Payments WG).
[Tue 11:26:59] <dlongley>	manu: Right.
[Tue 11:29:13] <dlongley>	manu: Usually the way this happens is that large industry participants drive the work at W3C. There's a disconnect ... at least I have observed a disconnect from what is good for society and what the industry participants want to accomplish and when they collide it's the organizations that are doing implementations that have massive numbers of people using their systems that tend to work out. There's a great example of this happening in the Web Payments WG right now. The WPCG did a lot of work to put specs into place, design an ecosystem, etc. and that ecosystem is definitely not being implemented in a way that CG wanted to have happen. And the people in this group and in the VCTF could potentially be in that same position. If we say that self-sovereign is really important to us and we care about identifier portability and we want to onboard new work as new participants come on ... and we'll have two or three very large technology companies join that disagree with the general direction.
[Tue 11:29:28] <dlongley>	manu: There's very little that can be written into a charter that can prevent that from happening at W3C.
[Tue 11:29:46] <dlongley>	manu: So ... you can recharter the group with new, expanded scope, but typically they are done once the charter is written.
[Tue 11:30:02] <dlongley>	manu: We don't many healthcare companies or NGOs talking about citizen rights, etc. so that's where we are.
[Tue 11:30:19] *	erkorb_rm (~eric.korb@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:30:27] <voip-vctf>	19082515136 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000e9] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:31:02] <dlongley>	tim: The charter goes out to 2018 and the Web develops so quickly ... when large companies push the world in a particular direction and things change very rapidly. A large number of opinions have been expressed on this call. I think setting some boundaries on engaging people effectively to bring them to the table would be good.
[Tue 11:31:19] <dlongley>	manu: If you can think of a sentence to put in th echarter to address that, that would be helpful, but my experience is that it's really hard to control that.
[Tue 11:31:27] <dlongley>	manu: We need to be able to convey people are welcome.
[Tue 11:32:02] <dlongley>	tim: There are a variety of stakeholders that can be positively impacted by this work over time. Between October and 2018 ... is a fair chunk of time and a lot can happen. Locking in the stakeholders now ... it's less than ideal.
[Tue 11:32:10] <dlongley>	tim: Without the means to be able to scale is unfortunate.
[Tue 11:33:41] <dlongley>	tim: Lastly, with regard to self-sovereign identifiers. VC is very much about what an org says about you. The idea of having an identity on the Web is different ... and some of the WebDHT like work addressed some of those works. I understand the merits and I'm a believer of the human-centric Web but I do have concerns about the terminology of self-sovereign as opposed to what may become a digital magna carta, etc. I see that as a separate issue. WIthin that I think there's an opportunity for the CG to collaborate with other groups and incubate within CGs.
[Tue 11:34:01] <dlongley>	tim: That's a very separate thing from how orgs may engage in the WG charter. Does that make sense?
[Tue 11:34:08] <KerriLemoie>	Agree that verifiable claims could be considered separate from identity yet verifiable claims are dependent on verifiable identity.
[Tue 11:34:12] <dlongley>	manu: I think so. Let's take the definition discussion and move that to later in the agenda and focus this on the charter.
[Tue 11:34:27] <dlongley>	manu: I'm hearing the charter is too limiting with respect to the use cases that we're outlining.
[Tue 11:34:36] <dlongley>	manu: I think I'm hearing that correctly, is that right?
[Tue 11:34:38] <dlongley>	gropper: Yes.
[Tue 11:34:55] <dlongley>	Tim: I would say, for the status quo, it's quite reasonable, but if it continues to get more momentum it may get out of date.
[Tue 11:35:40] <dlongley>	manu: What Dave Crocker said is important to note, the orgs want the scope locked in when it goes out. If the scope changes the orgs may have to withdraw from the WG and this has to do with patent requirements and other legal things wrt W3C. A change in scope while the WG is operating and that's a big red flag for orgs. They tend to vote against WGs with those problems.
[Tue 11:36:01] <dlongley>	manu: Hinting that the scope could change will invite formal objections -- that's my expectation. That would change MS from being ok to objecting because they don't know what they are signing up to.
[Tue 11:36:18] <dlongley>	Tim: I think that's a very fair concern. Maybe some mechanism for scope to be locked in and onboarding language.
[Tue 11:36:23] <dlongley>	manu: That mechanism is a rechartering.
[Tue 11:36:46] <dlongley>	manu: If 20 companies join the group from other industry then that's a good reason to recharter or as Dave Crocker said, it's good for version 2.
[Tue 11:37:04] <dlongley>	manu: We can say the current work can't prevent version 2 wish list from happening. But very valid points from you and Adrian.
[Tue 11:37:13] <dlongley>	manu: Would be good to see some language to summarize this discussion and address it.
[Tue 11:37:22] <dlongley>	manu: Any other questions on the problem statement or what's been changed there? That's the biggest change.
[Tue 11:37:38] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/charter/rc-2-diff.html#goals
[Tue 11:38:17] <dlongley>	manu: We say we're going to focus on claims wrt the use cases document. We now say we're going to say this work has to cut across at least two industries, previously we said "several", was too broad.
[Tue 11:38:18] <agropper>	q+
[Tue 11:38:18] <voip-vctf>	agropper has been added to the queue: manu, agropper
[Tue 11:38:24] <dlongley>	manu: It's fine if we have even more participating.
[Tue 11:38:38] <dlongley>	manu: Rest of the changes play with language mostly, "broad" to "broader", for instance
[Tue 11:38:41] <manu>	ack manu
[Tue 11:38:41] <voip-vctf>	manu has the floor (to mention re-chartering).
[Tue 11:38:43] <manu>	ack agropper 
[Tue 11:38:43] <voip-vctf>	agropper has the floor.
[Tue 11:40:43] <dlongley>	agropper: When we do this with respect to industries -- there are two kinds, regulated through licensed professionals and regulated at the corporate level. I don't know if we can capture this aspect in the charter because it's fundamental. The entire reason for VC is to deal with regulatory practice and if we don't recognize that some industries ... 99% of money spent in healthcare is spent by licensed professional not corporation then I think we'll get lost. It might look like it works for payments. My experience with [] if you use education that way you don't make a lot of progress because education is very squishy. Payments are narrow and not privacy and regulatory intensive. I just want to point out that point about industrial perspective vs. licensed professional as a regulatory foundation.
[Tue 11:40:54] <dlongley>	manu: So I think we make that distinction in our use cases which we point to in our charter.
[Tue 11:41:02] <dlongley>	manu: We have a number of medical use cases in here.
[Tue 11:41:06] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/use-cases/#professional-credentials
[Tue 11:42:29] <stone>	we use "regulatory credentials" as a term to describe the credentials that serve non-commercial/governmental needs.
[Tue 11:42:36] <ubiquitous>	+q
[Tue 11:42:41] <dlongley>	manu: It's certainly not out of scope and we point to medical use cases in the use cases document. You used a phrase that sounds like we could easily put it into charter. Corporate creds vs. licensing professionals ... if you could think of some language to put into the charter for that that would be good. If we expand from payments and education to payments, education, and healthcare ... the problem is we will only have two healthcare orgs saying they'll participate in the WG. Other W3C members will want to see more like 5.
[Tue 11:43:07] <dlongley>	manu: I think the vast majority of people in the group agree with you. This tech will be used across many industries of different types and we have to think about that to ensure it works.
[Tue 11:43:15] <dlongley>	manu: Can you think of some language to use in the charter to address those concerns?
[Tue 11:43:18] <dlongley>	agropper: Yes, absolutely.
[Tue 11:44:03] <voip-vctf>	12143842284 [SIP/69.65.34.216-000000ea] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:44:16] <dlongley>	tim: Medical creds are fairly high-stakes. I'd love to see a world where signatures are send across the Web ... for tissue samples, etc. That's particular high-stakes data. Another possible alternatives is civics. Is there's a use case where you are looking at the sorts of things that you need in medicine but not such high-stakes data. You want to see the tech proven out fairly well.
[Tue 11:44:28] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/webpayments-ig/VCTF/use-cases/#legal-identity
[Tue 11:44:29] <dlongley>	manu: As far as use cases are concerned, we talk about legal identity.
[Tue 11:44:50] <dlongley>	manu: And we talk about things like refugee crisis use cases, digital driving licenses, we do have some lower-stakes use cases in there.
[Tue 11:44:59] <dlongley>	manu: Don't know if that addresses it.
[Tue 11:45:52] <dlongley>	tim: Healthcare is pretty serious. To be able to go into that industry you really need all ducks in a row. Technically, to be able to example it in an industry where it is working ... less direct, some of the refugee things ... other areas where you have similar businesses but isn't as life threatening.
[Tue 11:46:14] <dlongley>	tim: I'm wondering if we can achieve the same outcome for healthcare using a related industry with lower stakes.
[Tue 11:47:26] <dlongley>	manu: I think with all of these use cases there are cases that aren't as high-stakes. Like prefilling a medical form with a proof of residence/address credential, that's lower stakes. Or an educational credential that says you've done a weekend course. I think we have those. If you look at the use cases that drive the large orgs to want to use it are the high stakes. Lots of money/risk on the line. Clearly those orgs are going to go through a multi-year process vetting this technolgoy and while they are doing it we can still test it out in more low stakes settings. The strategy is aligned with what you're suggesting.
[Tue 11:47:41] <dlongley>	tim: Identifying whether or not an Uber driver had appropriate credentials was another one.
[Tue 11:47:57] <dlongley>	manu: Ok, we've gotten through the charter. Any strong feelings/objections to the changes made, etc.?
[Tue 11:48:08] <ShaneM>	q+  to ask about odds
[Tue 11:48:08] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has been added to the queue: ShaneM
[Tue 11:48:22] <manu>	ack ShaneM 
[Tue 11:48:22] <voip-vctf>	ShaneM has the floor ( to ask about odds).
[Tue 11:48:23] <dlongley>	manu: Does anyone feel this is unworkable or they wouldn't join the work?
[Tue 11:48:37] <DavidC>	q+
[Tue 11:48:37] <voip-vctf>	DavidC has been added to the queue: DavidC
[Tue 11:48:49] <dlongley>	ShaneM: It's not that I wouldn't join the work, you're jumping through a bunch of hoops here that someone held for you, what are the odds that the people that held up the hoops will let things happen?
[Tue 11:49:06] <dlongley>	manu: That's an important question. All we can do is do proper due diligence and act in good faith.
[Tue 11:49:11] *	dezell says "entertained" forced a visual.
[Tue 11:49:27] <dlongley>	manu: At some point it will become apparent that the people were holding the hoops up had real concerns or it was for entertainment.
[Tue 11:49:43] <dlongley>	manu: I don't think it's just for entertainment, I think these orgs are intrigued enough to engage with us.
[Tue 11:49:53] <dezell>	q+
[Tue 11:49:53] <voip-vctf>	dezell has been added to the queue: DavidC, dezell
[Tue 11:50:06] <dlongley>	manu: If it turns out we made all these concessions and the answer is still no, then we can roll those concessions back and go through another standards body.
[Tue 11:50:23] <manu>	ack DavidC 
[Tue 11:50:23] <voip-vctf>	DavidC has the floor.
[Tue 11:50:26] <dlongley>	manu: We've done everything we can to act in good faith and it's up to W3M and MS to respond to that.
[Tue 11:50:49] <dlongley>	DavidC: To remind the group and enhancing privacy and what that meant and it was to be added to that section.
[Tue 11:51:02] <dlongley>	manu: That's on me, I forgot. We will make those changes and Dan Burnett raised some typos to fix.
[Tue 11:51:11] <manu>	ack DavidC 
[Tue 11:51:11] <voip-vctf>	DavidC isn't on the speaker queue.
[Tue 11:51:15] <manu>	ack dezell 
[Tue 11:51:16] <voip-vctf>	dezell has the floor.
[Tue 11:51:16] <dlongley>	manu: David, please ping me again and make sure I get that in there.
[Tue 11:51:20] <dlongley>	DavidC: Will do.
[Tue 11:51:24] <agropper>	+q
[Tue 11:51:53] <dlongley>	dezell: It's a bit stronger than the people in the room -- we gave two week period for people to object and we didn't get any objectiosn even from the companies expressing doubts. You have IG support.
[Tue 11:51:58] <dlongley>	manu: Thank you David.
[Tue 11:52:24] *	ShaneM notes 8 minutes
[Tue 11:53:39] *	ubiquitous has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[Tue 11:54:24] <dlongley>	agropper: The comment about the privacy enhancing terminology makes me want to pile on, but is a much bigger topic. I spent 2+ years on Identity Ecosystem Steering group ... I don't want to go into what that is, but it was a missed attempt to introduce privacy enhancing practices on a very large scale. The companies that we have here at W3C did not show up ... and the general problem for dealing with cyber security issues in all industries is an unsolved problem that MS and Google and a lot of other organizations have not found a home for how to approach that. All I'm saying is that the experience we're having ... I worked for a consultant for the postal service looking at connect.gov and postal service relative to cyber security ... we don't have five years to do this work. To start slowly here and see what happens 2 years after that. Becaus ewe are failing, not just in the US, but globally, at doing the work we try to do.
[Tue 11:54:34] *	ubiquitous (~ubiquitous@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:54:40] <ubiquitous>	+1
[Tue 11:54:40] <dlongley>	manu: Hopefully it makes you feel good that privacy is throughout the charter and we've got a specific section on it.
[Tue 11:54:56] <dlongley>	manu: Scroll down to 3.2 in the charter, we have a full section on privacy and security considerations, we call it out specifically.
[Tue 11:55:19] <dlongley>	manu: We're trying to improve upon it. That's the most we can do in a charter and say we're going to design towards a privacy preserving tech.
[Tue 11:55:30] <dlongley>	manu: And that we're going to collaborate with other groups on that.
[Tue 11:55:43] <dlongley>	agropper: I'm trying to talk aobut how to sell our charter to MS and Google.
[Tue 11:56:04] <dlongley>	manu: Are you saying that would make it more compelling to them?
[Tue 11:56:41] *	Richard_Varn (~Richard_Varn@public.cloak) has joined #vctf
[Tue 11:57:17] <dlongley>	agropper: If we approach it from cyber security perspective. NIST 5 years ago saw the link between privacy enhancing and cyber security ... was the reason for the whole project. Only orgs with narrow interest in identity management showed up and Google and MS weren't there. We don't know enough about their interest in the cyber security aspect and how that relates to privacy policies, etc. It's a governance problem we're in a position to solve that isn't being solved elsewhere.
[Tue 11:57:21] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000000e8] has left the conference.
[Tue 11:57:28] <voip-vctf>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-000000eb] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:57:41] <Varn>	We cannot wade into cyber security in the VCTF space without a lot of qualifiers
[Tue 11:57:44] <dlongley>	manu: I don't nkow how to modify the charter to capture what you just said. Could you write a strategy email for how the group could react to what you just said or similar that woudl be helpful.
[Tue 11:57:49] <manu>	Topic: IPFS and Verifiable Claims
[Tue 11:58:01] <dlongley>	manu: We don't have enough time left to talk about IPFS and VC discussion -- will have to wait until the next call.
[Tue 11:58:49] <dlongley>	manu: Tim has raised some great questions about IPFS. The group knows quite a bit about IPFS and we've worked with Juan Benet closely. But we don't think IPFS is a solution for WebDHT or blockchain decentralized identifiers, etc. IPFS doesn't have mirroring guarantees ... you can lose information on IPFS if nodes don't keep it, not a good fit.
[Tue 11:58:51] <ubiquitous>	vint cerf said to me today: "I am in contact with the IPFS folks with regard to digital archiving and preservation."
[Tue 11:58:52] <KerriLemoie>	Badgechain is exploring IPFS for some aspects of open badges data.
[Tue 11:59:06] <dlongley>	manu: Group is looking at other techs ... flex ledger, sovrin, badge chain, etc.
[Tue 11:59:41] <dlongley>	manu: We're aware of IPFS, we don't think it's a solution for some of the things here, but you can store some data in IPFS, but can't give guarantees. For DID it's not a good solution, for pseudo-anonymous badge info, it's good.
[Tue 12:00:12] <dlongley>	manu: Just like badge data you can store data in any location, hash in a blockchain, store data itself in a flex ledger (as long as no PII), can store in IPFS -- a variety of other storage mechanisms.
[Tue 12:00:27] <dlongley>	manu: IPFS is complementary, but we don't think replacement/implementation for the DID stuff.
[Tue 12:00:59] <dlongley>	tim: I talked to Vint Cerf and he said he's in contact with IPFS for interplanetary filesystem, etc.
[Tue 12:01:29] <KerriLemoie>	Something to look into: https://ipdb.foundation/  It's based Bigchain db.
[Tue 12:01:49] <KerriLemoie>	https://www.bigchaindb.com/
[Tue 12:01:52] <dlongley>	tim: I'd like to see a new blockchain (current computationally flawed), with LDP we're looking at how to create human centric identifiers. WebDHT did a lot of that and that's been put to one side and there's a resourcing issue. Given that Vint Cerf is looking at it for preservation, maybe we should be following that up, directly or indirectly via CG, etc.
[Tue 12:02:02] <dlongley>	manu: Sounds like we need to have a discussion in the group and how VC fits into these new techs.
[Tue 12:02:13] <dlongley>	manu: We'll put that on the agenda for next time, sorry for 2 minutes over, out of time.
[Tue 12:02:30] <dlongley>	manu: We may not have the call next week, because we're in a holding pattern w/W3M, but expect a call the week after that.
[Tue 12:02:39] <KerriLemoie>	Thanks everyone.
[Tue 12:02:39] <manu>	Present+ kellogg, lehn, cherbaka, crocker, chadwick, stone, lemoie, burn, mccarron, holborn, lake, ezell, kennedy, gropper, varn, larson, burke, chasen, korb
