[Tue 11:06:19] <manu>	scribe: dlongley
[Tue 11:06:25] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Nov/0076.html
[Tue 11:06:50] *	JohnTib (~textual@74-95-0-173-SFBA.hfc.comcastbusiness.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:06:59] *	bsletten (4c0e7b79@gateway/web/freenode/ip.76.14.123.121) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:07:00] <voip-cr>	12027018067 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000032b] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:07:01] <dlongley>	manu: Any updates/additions to the agenda?
[Tue 11:07:16] <manu>	voip: 32b is DebEverhart
[Tue 11:07:17] <voip-cr>	Associated DebEverhart with SIP/69.71.222.196-0000032b.
[Tue 11:07:23] <dlongley>	none
[Tue 11:07:26] <manu>	Topic: Introduction to Dan Burnett
[Tue 11:07:31] *	Deb (6c2d35b2@gateway/web/freenode/ip.108.45.53.178) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:07:55] *	Deb is now known as Guest71198
[Tue 11:09:00] <voip-cr>	Matthew Collier [SIP/6008-0000032c] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:01] *	SunnyL (2d30124e@gateway/web/freenode/ip.45.48.18.78) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:09:02] <dlongley>	burn: Hi, everyone. I have a background background in speech recognition and have worked for a number of companies such as Nuance. I started working with W3C in '99 on voice XML, the standards related to it, etc. I've been doing work at W3C and IETF for a number of years now. Most recently I've been working on WebRTC where I'm one of the spec editors for the two primary specs. That's for my company, this group I'm personally interested in. I first heard about it a year ago. Just listening in I thought it was interesting and didn't have a chance to follow it. I'm independent now, I do my WebRTC work for a company but my participating here is as personal.
[Tue 11:09:04] <voip-cr>	Sunny Lee [SIP/45.48.18.78-0000032d] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:09:17] *	sterns I'm here if you would like me to scribe
[Tue 11:09:21] <dlongley>	burn: I'll set up a separate individual account with W3C in the future and join that way. Thank you to all of you, this is great work that the world really needs.
[Tue 11:09:36] <dlongley>	Manu: Thanks for joining us!
[Tue 11:09:44] <manu>	scribe: bsletten 
[Tue 11:09:52] *	dlongley thanks, brian!
[Tue 11:09:56] <manu>	Topic: WPIG / Verifiable Claims After Action Review
[Tue 11:10:04] <manu>	scribe: bsletten
[Tue 11:10:04] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce
[Tue 11:10:26] *	CarlaCasilli (47a5b7b2@gateway/web/freenode/ip.71.165.183.178) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:11:30] <voip-cr>	13103063128 [SIP/69.71.222.196-0000032e] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:11:45] <bsletten>	Manu: We had a proposal that we ran through the WP IG and W3C staff and a bunch of external companies not in this group to discuss creating a Task Force to see if they should pursue a group on Credentials, Verifiable Claims, etc. The conversation was yesterday and it went very well. We made the proposal to be aligned with the W3C's expectations about the work (it is modular and broken down). It showed interest from a lots of gr
[Tue 11:13:21] <bsletten>	Manu: went well. We don't have a Task Force yet, but we are close. There were discussions about what should be in scope. There was an agreement on the end of the call to have an open discuss next Tuesday to discuss the problem statement in more depth. Everyone on this call is invited. Once we have the problem statement crisp, we will pull people who have expressed concern in and document their thoughts. If we are successful in 
[Tue 11:13:31] <bsletten>	Manu: we will produce a W3C Working Group Charter.
[Tue 11:13:39] <manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015Nov/0075.html
[Tue 11:13:42] *	erkorb_rm (~eric.korb@ool-435235ab.dyn.optonline.net) has joined #credentials
[Tue 11:13:44] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/2015/11/23-wpay-minutes.html
[Tue 11:13:50] <bsletten>	Manu: This is a summary of the outcome and the minutes (member only).
[Tue 11:13:56] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce
[Tue 11:14:02] <bsletten>	Manu: This is the TF proposal.
[Tue 11:14:19] <bsletten>	Manu: That's how things went. Richard Varn, I would be interested in your thoughts on how it went.
[Tue 11:14:36] <bsletten>	Richard: I heard this "interested but unconvinced" undertone.
[Tue 11:15:29] <voip-cr>	David I. Lehn [SIP/6003-0000032f] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:16:22] <voip-cr>	Shane PC [SIP/50.171.235.149-00000330] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:16:29] <ShaneM>	present+ ShaneM
[Tue 11:16:42] <bsletten>	Richard: There is focused interest in particular technical issues that they miss the larger social good. There is an obsession in process. I'm not sure if they got why working with us is important. They seem to see it as a nice-to-have addition not a requirement for what they are doing.
[Tue 11:16:51] <bsletten>	Manu: Those are fair comments, let me try to explain the backstory.
[Tue 11:16:57] <voip-cr>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-00000331] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:17:42] <bsletten>	Manu: Obsessed about details and process are the easiest ones to explain. Those came from someone who thinks the group isn't doing enough, but you should also do tokenization and identity on the Web. Tackle the Big Problems, not just the small problems.
[Tue 11:18:39] <bsletten>	Manu: PII in the financial space is a hot potato and nobody wants to touch it. Tokenization could help solve the problem. Go ahead and tackle those issue.
[Tue 11:19:12] <bsletten>	Manu: He agrees with us, he just wants us to do more.
[Tue 11:19:13] <dlongley>	q+
[Tue 11:19:14] <voip-cr>	dlongley has been added to the queue: dlongley
[Tue 11:20:01] <dlongley>	q-
[Tue 11:20:01] <voip-cr>	dlongley has been removed from the queue:
[Tue 11:20:32] <bsletten>	Manu: The obsessed with process one... W3C has a process and it has been whittled into the form it is over 15-20. It serves them well, so they like to see things fit into the process they have. They are trying to be helpful. They said, "We think the vision of this group is grand and fantastic and we all want to see it. We need to convince the membership and they are only going to spend 15 min looking at the proposal before they
[Tue 11:20:52] <bsletten>	Manu: "We see gaps and are looking for talking points to help us talk to people and get more support."
[Tue 11:21:29] <dlongley>	(just wanted to add that process + obsession with details problems combined such that we weren't supposed to mention specific technology solutions to say "the tokenization thing can easily be solved with the Credentials CG credential technology too" ... because the process prohibited us from saying it.)
[Tue 11:21:43] <bsletten>	Manu: I've seen the list they have and it is different than our list, but very exciting if we can get them involved (from financial institutions, education, health care, etc.)
[Tue 11:22:24] <bsletten>	Manu: What were the other things, Richard?
[Tue 11:22:51] <ShaneM>	Remember that the complete environment is a gestalt...  At some point all of the pieces will be assembled and then the whole will be greater than the parts
[Tue 11:23:05] <bsletten>	Richard: The four things we are looking at are all big issues, we aren't trying to solve all of them, but manage the relationships between them. I think they think we are not crucial to around what they are doing.
[Tue 11:23:44] <bsletten>	Manu: Last week I spoke to them and they suggested maybe we should focus on Education and Health Care rather than every one as a starting point.
[Tue 11:24:53] <bsletten>	Manu: But it is important to the Financial groups and managing the identity of transactions. The other part is how web payments flow and there is a lot of overlap and we think we can handle the straight payment process with a credential API.
[Tue 11:25:23] <bsletten>	Manu: Not everyone has the same pain points, but we think there is a wide support.
[Tue 11:27:29] <ShaneM>	The one time task example yesterday was about customer onboarding - sign up.  I thought
[Tue 11:27:36] <bsletten>	Manu: Any other questions about the direction we are headed?
[Tue 11:28:40] <bsletten>	Manu: Let's chat about what can happen here on out.
[Tue 11:28:43] <manu>	Topic: Goals for Next Week's Meeting
[Tue 11:29:41] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/ProposalsQ42015/VerifiableClaimsTaskForce#Goals
[Tue 11:29:52] <bsletten>	Manu: I sent out a proposal to the CG proposing we postpone these calls until further notice. The ones that will start next Tuesday in same time frame will be for the Verified Claims Task Force. It will be a different dial-in number. There will be other members from the WP IG.
[Tue 11:30:29] <bsletten>	Manu: W3C wants to make sure everyone is good with the problem statement. We want it to be crisp so that it is easy for someone to understand what we are trying to do easily.
[Tue 11:31:24] <bsletten>	Manu: Please review the problem statement again before the call next week. If you want to modify it, come up with specific text. There will be new people and they'll have open-ended conversations about the goal, but we'll only make progress if we have concrete statements and text to discuss.
[Tue 11:32:17] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/vctf/
[Tue 11:32:29] <bsletten>	Manu: Call next week, same date and time. We're going to focus on the problem statement. If we get through it, we can move onto scoping, phasing, who the stakeholders are, how we are going to run the meetings, etc. But, primarily we will focus on the problem statement until the W3C thinks we have talked it to death.
[Tue 11:32:38] <bsletten>	Manu: This is the new page for the task force.
[Tue 11:32:48] <JohnTib>	q+
[Tue 11:32:48] <voip-cr>	JohnTib has been added to the queue: JohnTib
[Tue 11:32:57] <burn_>	q+
[Tue 11:32:57] <manu>	ack JohnTib 
[Tue 11:32:57] <voip-cr>	burn_ has been added to the queue: JohnTib, burn_
[Tue 11:32:58] <voip-cr>	JohnTib has the floor.
[Tue 11:32:59] <bsletten>	Manu: It has the dial in details, etc.
[Tue 11:33:53] <bsletten>	John: Is this a renaming/replacing of credentials or is this a sidetrack or we will return credentials?
[Tue 11:34:12] <NateOtto>	+1 I like "Credentials"
[Tue 11:34:35] <dlongley>	+1 going back to Credentials once we get everything sorted out and various newcomers involved.
[Tue 11:34:42] <NateOtto>	But +1 to being sensitive to other people's preconceived notions about credentials, and +1 to putting off bikeshedding the name until later.
[Tue 11:34:49] <manu>	ack burn_ 
[Tue 11:34:50] <voip-cr>	burn_ has the floor.
[Tue 11:35:03] <ShaneM>	The name is for marketing purposes.  who are we marketing to?
[Tue 11:35:12] *	ShaneM is afk for 2 minutes
[Tue 11:35:29] <bsletten>	Manu: We changed the name because we were told calling it Credentials alienated people for some reason. We can change the name back if we agree to, but we need to tie it to the problem statement. "Verifiable claims" doesn't mean anything specific, but that may be why it doesn't bother people as much.
[Tue 11:36:02] <bsletten>	Manu: If we do it right, there will only be one group moving forward.
[Tue 11:36:13] <voip-cr>	bblfish [SIP/sip2sip.info-00000332] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:36:44] <ShaneM>	There is concern that this is an echo chamber?
[Tue 11:38:17] <bsletten>	Manu: We need to go into the discussion not talking about technology. There was concern that we didn't entertain other perspectives. The TF is an attempt to test whether this is an echo chamber before moving forward and talking about technology.
[Tue 11:38:45] <ShaneM>	+1 that this is somewhat about rebranding.  Also about adoption
[Tue 11:40:24] <bsletten>	Manu: We don't see this becoming a competing stack to what we are proposing, but there could be something cobbled together with other technology but they will have to come up with a counterproposal.
[Tue 11:41:31] <bsletten>	Manu: In summary, the CG process is broken because you may have to start over again. But, I think because we've done so much work, it should go faster.
[Tue 11:41:49] <voip-cr>	dmitriy.nesterkin [SIP/192.168.61.3-00000333] has joined the conference.
[Tue 11:41:59] <manu>	Topic: Administrivia for Next Week's Meeting
[Tue 11:42:04] <manu>	http://w3c.github.io/vctf/
[Tue 11:42:37] <bsletten>	Manu: Any other questions? Here is the dial-in information again. We will send out an email probably today to set up the meeting for next Tuesday. Number changes. IRC Channel changes.
[Tue 11:43:04] <bsletten>	Manu: We are going to scribe and record the audio for the calls to make sure we get anyone's concerns on record.
[Tue 11:43:43] *	Guest71198 has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 11:43:44] <bsletten>	Manu: If not, we can end early. Thanks again to everyone. We are making good progress. I can see the light at the end of the tunnel. Thank you for everyone who helped us get here.
[Tue 11:43:44] <bsletten>	Present+ Viktor, Sunny, Carla, rob, collier, henry, lehn, burnett, sletten, stuart, deb, korb, dmitriy
