[2019-08-13T15:56:09.410Z]	<wmclaxton>	voip 7dc is wmclaxton
[2019-08-13T16:01:08.050Z]	<ChristopherA>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:01:08.403Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:01:09.239Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	present+ Joe_Andrieu
[2019-08-13T16:01:15.197Z]	<kimhd>	voip: connections?
[2019-08-13T16:01:27.304Z]	<kimhd>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2019Aug/0048.html
[2019-08-13T16:02:05.270Z]	<manu>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:02:08.669Z]	<TallTed>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:02:09.769Z]	<dmitriz>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:02:19.733Z]	<dlongley>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:02:38.698Z]	<wmclaxton>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:03:02.484Z]	<agropper>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:03:08.019Z]	<markus_sabadello>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:03:13.947Z]	<charlie>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:03:24.124Z]	<sumita>	kim sounds garbled
[2019-08-13T16:03:29.990Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/join
[2019-08-13T16:03:37.170Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.w3.org/accounts/request
[2019-08-13T16:03:37.277Z]	<rgrant>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:03:43.278Z]	<bbarnhill_>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:03:45.592Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.w3.org/community/about/agreements/cla/
[2019-08-13T16:04:00.324Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/meetings/
[2019-08-13T16:04:16.318Z]	<kimhd>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:04:40.164Z]	<kimhd>	q+ to mention DID spec needs better SEO
[2019-08-13T16:04:45.396Z]	<kimhd>	ack kimhd
[2019-08-13T16:05:07.174Z]	<oliver>	present+ oliver_terbu
[2019-08-13T16:05:15.438Z]	<brent>	present+ Brent_Zundel
[2019-08-13T16:05:54.138Z]	<kimhd>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LkqZ10z7FeV3EgMIQEJ9achEYMzy1d_2S90Q_lQ0y8M/edit?usp=sharing
[2019-08-13T16:05:59.889Z]	<bbarnhill_>	Please be advised, my connection is spotty today, so I likely will be on mute mostly
[2019-08-13T16:07:22.769Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: connections?
[2019-08-13T16:08:37.207Z]	<kimhd>	Scribe: brent
[2019-08-13T16:08:51.397Z]	<brent>	kimhd: introductions. any new participants?
[2019-08-13T16:08:53.566Z]	<sumita>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:09:24.449Z]	<brent>	kimhd: danmcg would you like to introduce yourself? Or Karen ?
[2019-08-13T16:09:43.045Z]	<brent>	kimhd: sumita ?
[2019-08-13T16:09:52.155Z]	<brent>	sumita: This is Sumita from USAA
[2019-08-13T16:10:00.657Z]	<MosesMa>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:10:06.386Z]	<burn>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:10:10.613Z]	<brent>	kimhd: reintroductions, Ryan Grant?
[2019-08-13T16:10:26.166Z]	<gannan>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:10:39.015Z]	<brent>	rgrant: My name is Ryan Grant, I run a company called Digital Contract Design. I am interested in btcr.
[2019-08-13T16:10:52.166Z]	<brent>	... I worked on the bitcoin reference implementation for DIDs
[2019-08-13T16:11:07.195Z]	<brent>	kimhd: next week we'll report on the btcr hackathon
[2019-08-13T16:11:18.169Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: Announcements and Reminders
[2019-08-13T16:11:20.008Z]	<kimhd>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/announcements/
[2019-08-13T16:11:45.439Z]	<brent>	... the announcements are at the link. Are we still having decicated DID calls?
[2019-08-13T16:11:50.112Z]	<kimhd>	https://zoom.us/j/7077077007, 1-2:30PM PT / 20:00-21:30 UTC
[2019-08-13T16:12:09.438Z]	<brent>	markus_sabadello: yes, we will probably be shifting to DID resolver now that the DID spec has been published.
[2019-08-13T16:12:12.057Z]	<kimhd>	Thursdays
[2019-08-13T16:12:18.998Z]	<markus_sabadello>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qYBaXQMUoB86Alquu7WBtWOxsS8SMhp1fioYKEGCabE/
[2019-08-13T16:12:24.526Z]	<kezike>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:12:29.046Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.meetup.com/Vienna-Digital-Identity-Meetup/events/262359964/
[2019-08-13T16:12:34.034Z]	<brent>	kimhd: September 1st, Vienna meetup right before RWoT in Prague
[2019-08-13T16:12:53.636Z]	<kimhd>	https://www.weboftrust.info/
[2019-08-13T16:12:54.008Z]	<brent>	... we can take the train afterwards to prague.
[2019-08-13T16:13:00.559Z]	<kimhd>	http://rwot9.eventbrite.com
[2019-08-13T16:13:09.286Z]	<brent>	... Sept 3-6 it RWoT 9 in Prague
[2019-08-13T16:13:12.057Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to talk about paper deadline
[2019-08-13T16:13:15.959Z]	<kimhd>	https://dustycloud.org/blog/activitypub-conf-2019/
[2019-08-13T16:13:27.637Z]	<brent>	... then september 7-8 is an activity pub conference in prague
[2019-08-13T16:13:32.648Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to talk about Holochain hackathon in Prague
[2019-08-13T16:13:42.248Z]	<kimhd>	https://mydata2019.org/
[2019-08-13T16:13:43.037Z]	<brent>	... TPAC is sept ??? in Fukuoka Japan
[2019-08-13T16:13:44.425Z]	<DanielH>	I can't get onto SIP. sip:ccg@96.89.14.196 doesn't connect for me in linphone, and US phone: +1.540.274.1034 x6306 (the number given in github page instructions) makes me the only participant in the call.
[2019-08-13T16:13:49.925Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-08-13T16:13:57.806Z]	<DanielH>	how is everybody else dialing in?
[2019-08-13T16:13:59.052Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-08-13T16:13:59.709Z]	<brent>	... Then MyData in Helsinki, more info at the link
[2019-08-13T16:14:11.892Z]	<dlongley>	voip-ccg: number?
[2019-08-13T16:14:15.346Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: two things: the deadline for the RWoT discount is this friday.
[2019-08-13T16:14:24.353Z]	<brent>	... please get you paper in to get the discount.
[2019-08-13T16:14:30.726Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	https://www.eventbrite.com/e/holochain-hackathon-in-prague-tickets-68086108383
[2019-08-13T16:14:52.927Z]	<brent>	... the other item is a holochain hackathon in prague following our event at the same venue
[2019-08-13T16:14:59.268Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-08-13T16:15:08.126Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-08-13T16:15:41.550Z]	<kimhd>	Topic: DID WG Charter and outreach
[2019-08-13T16:15:50.826Z]	<manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-new-work/2019Aug/0000.html
[2019-08-13T16:15:59.848Z]	<brent>	manu: the DID WG charter is open for review by the public
[2019-08-13T16:16:13.494Z]	<brent>	... anyone can provide comments
[2019-08-13T16:16:39.494Z]	<brent>	... if you are not a W3C company, but want to support the work, you can send a supportive email.
[2019-08-13T16:17:19.369Z]	<brent>	... companies and universities are the main focus, especially large, multi-billion dollar companies.
[2019-08-13T16:17:29.650Z]	<brent>	... but everyone should respond and say they are supportive.
[2019-08-13T16:17:55.766Z]	<brent>	... please abstain from making "anti" statements
[2019-08-13T16:18:00.328Z]	<brent>	... be positive
[2019-08-13T16:18:09.149Z]	<manu>	https://www.w3.org/2002/09/wbs/33280/did-wg-2019/
[2019-08-13T16:18:14.816Z]	<brent>	... please reach out to your networks and have them respond.
[2019-08-13T16:18:28.231Z]	<kimhd>	q+ to ask about what types of support they are looking for
[2019-08-13T16:18:48.380Z]	<brent>	... the actual vote (for W3C members) can be made by following the other link
[2019-08-13T16:19:10.448Z]	<brent>	... we are looking for 22 members to vote positively, but hoping to get much more than that.
[2019-08-13T16:19:18.355Z]	<brent>	... don't wait
[2019-08-13T16:19:33.972Z]	<brent>	... we've got two weeks to drum up support
[2019-08-13T16:19:41.516Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q?
[2019-08-13T16:19:59.647Z]	<brent>	manu: I am personally going to send out the link to other W3C AC members
[2019-08-13T16:20:00.387Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to ask about did-spec
[2019-08-13T16:21:00.347Z]	<brent>	kimhd: A question, I'm no longer a W3C member. What can a multi-university consortium do? does the W3C care about them?
[2019-08-13T16:21:01.920Z]	<kimhd>	ack kimhd
[2019-08-13T16:21:28.912Z]	<manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-new-work/2019Aug/0000.html
[2019-08-13T16:21:31.446Z]	<brent>	manu: yes, they would like new members, so they are interested in ensuring the success of the recommendations and technology.
[2019-08-13T16:21:42.499Z]	<manu>	Mail actions: [ respond to this message ]
[2019-08-13T16:21:43.453Z]	<brent>	kimhd: even if it isn't a company
[2019-08-13T16:21:57.980Z]	<brent>	manu: yes, follow the link to directly respond to the message.
[2019-08-13T16:22:13.966Z]	<brent>	... at the bottom is the link to respond.
[2019-08-13T16:22:20.886Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-08-13T16:22:39.936Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: what is the next step for the DID spec?
[2019-08-13T16:22:48.851Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-08-13T16:22:54.668Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-08-13T16:22:58.207Z]	<brent>	... markus_sabadello did some work to publish
[2019-08-13T16:23:11.551Z]	<manu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-spec/CGFR/2019-08-10/
[2019-08-13T16:23:45.427Z]	<brent>	manu: markus_sabadello did a fantastic job getting the spec published. the chairs need to call for approval of the community group to hand over the spec to the working group.
[2019-08-13T16:23:59.178Z]	<brent>	... asking for objections to making this the community group final report.
[2019-08-13T16:24:17.620Z]	<manu>	Chairs should use the button on this page: https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/
[2019-08-13T16:24:23.926Z]	<brent>	... after a week or so without objections, that will carry. then the chairs should use the
[2019-08-13T16:24:59.020Z]	<brent>	manu: Can the chairs check that on the call?
[2019-08-13T16:25:08.210Z]	<brent>	... "publish report" button
[2019-08-13T16:25:22.447Z]	<brent>	... only the chairs have the power to publish the report.
[2019-08-13T16:25:28.227Z]	<manu>	https://www.w3.org/community/credentials/spec/publish
[2019-08-13T16:25:33.713Z]	<brent>	... at that point it will give you a link
[2019-08-13T16:25:51.935Z]	<brent>	... you put the URL markus_sabadello provided, but only after the 7 day vote.
[2019-08-13T16:26:28.848Z]	<brent>	manu: to distill: chairs ask for a 7 day review, then publish, then ask everyone to make IPR commitments.
[2019-08-13T16:26:34.387Z]	<burn>	q+
[2019-08-13T16:26:45.907Z]	<markus_sabadello>	q+
[2019-08-13T16:26:50.200Z]	<brent>	... that enables the DIDWG to pick it up and move forward.
[2019-08-13T16:27:13.428Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: do we need help from staff to publish to a W3C domain name? I can follow up
[2019-08-13T16:27:13.935Z]	<kimhd>	ack burn
[2019-08-13T16:28:02.276Z]	<brent>	burn: if someone made a contribution, but don't agree. It doesn't mean the WG can't use the document, but the group may need to remove the content that hasn't been agreed to
[2019-08-13T16:28:03.829Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-08-13T16:28:18.847Z]	<kimhd>	ack markus_sabadello
[2019-08-13T16:28:21.566Z]	<brent>	... that's why it is so important to make thies IPR commitment
[2019-08-13T16:28:44.053Z]	<brent>	markus_sabadello: people can continue to raise PRs and Issues, they will be carried over to the WG
[2019-08-13T16:28:54.537Z]	<burn>	People may find this useful as background: https://www.w3.org/community/about/agreements/summary/
[2019-08-13T16:29:01.538Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-08-13T16:29:01.754Z]	<manu>	https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-spec/graphs/contributors
[2019-08-13T16:29:04.111Z]	<brent>	... so if you see needed changes, you don't need to object.
[2019-08-13T16:29:36.234Z]	<brent>	manu: these are the people who need to be chased down: manu, dave, daniel hardman, amy guy, drummond, etc.
[2019-08-13T16:30:01.555Z]	<brent>	kimhd: to reiterate: Christopher already sent out the DID WG charter for review.
[2019-08-13T16:30:08.528Z]	<MosesMa>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:30:19.866Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-08-13T16:30:28.785Z]	<bigbluehat>	voip-ccg: 0806 is bigbluehat
[2019-08-13T16:30:29.910Z]	<brent>	... we have maybe 5 days left. If no objections are filed by the CCG my then , it will be accepted by the group.
[2019-08-13T16:30:34.827Z]	<bigbluehat>	present+ Benjamin_Young
[2019-08-13T16:30:41.492Z]	<brent>	Topic: Agents, Hubs, and More
[2019-08-13T16:31:04.148Z]	<kimhd>	https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1zeoIwdYPItgXjjqeUcqDGUCJ-tfx-k__H3ry5Uu1UK0/edit?usp=sharing
[2019-08-13T16:31:05.030Z]	<burn>	To clarify on GitHub issues, the WG will make a decision about how it wants to proceed.  We will (strongly) encourage the WG to copy all existing issues to the new WG.
[2019-08-13T16:31:17.165Z]	<brent>	kimhd: no need to scribe, because the presentation has the contents
[2019-08-13T16:32:11.996Z]	<brent>	... this has been discussed many places, but not here yet. So this is an informational session.
[2019-08-13T16:32:26.395Z]	<brent>	... please add yourself to the queue if I mess up :)
[2019-08-13T16:35:19.354Z]	<brent>	kimhd: slide 3: we will invite experts to give deep dives on each method
[2019-08-13T16:37:06.234Z]	<kimhd>	https://medium.com/decentralized-identity/rhythm-and-melody-how-hubs-and-agents-rock-together-ac2dd6bf8cf4
[2019-08-13T16:37:24.327Z]	<brent>	kimhd: slide 6, the medium post is a really good starting point
[2019-08-13T16:39:24.333Z]	<brent>	kimhd: slide 7 - sometimes it is unclear what is meant by the terminology e.g., storage, wallets, protocols
[2019-08-13T16:39:48.097Z]	<brent>	kimhd: slide 8 has secure data hubs added in
[2019-08-13T16:40:49.996Z]	<manu>	q+ to agree and wonder if Solid Pods will be worked into the diagram eventually?
[2019-08-13T16:40:54.558Z]	<brent>	... the callout markers are not intended to have anything to do with positioning in the venn diagram
[2019-08-13T16:41:00.079Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-08-13T16:41:24.689Z]	<brent>	manu: I really like this additive approach. I'm wondering if there is a progression where we'll see Solid Pods added in.
[2019-08-13T16:41:40.409Z]	<brent>	kimhd: I would be interested in that informally.
[2019-08-13T16:41:50.533Z]	<dmitriz>	I'd certainly be interested in helping fit Solid Pods into that venn diagram
[2019-08-13T16:42:08.276Z]	<brent>	... Solid profiles have a lot of interesting characteristics. Similar to DIDs
[2019-08-13T16:42:34.070Z]	<brent>	... pods are meant for self sovereign dat storage. picking apart the terminology will be important
[2019-08-13T16:42:40.251Z]	<ChristopherA>	q+
[2019-08-13T16:43:05.594Z]	<kimhd>	ack ChristopherA
[2019-08-13T16:43:42.860Z]	<brent>	ChristopherA: I wanted to add. there are a number of other parties who may want to contribute their stacks. IPFS Agorics, the solid folk. a few others from the DWeb camp
[2019-08-13T16:43:53.137Z]	<jonathan_holt>	q+ to ask about other agents other than Aries
[2019-08-13T16:43:55.540Z]	<brent>	... these three in the slides may be just the beginning.
[2019-08-13T16:44:14.586Z]	<brent>	kimhd: we have a few folk, they have experience in these various other things.
[2019-08-13T16:44:18.356Z]	<agropper>	q+
[2019-08-13T16:44:19.248Z]	<kimhd>	ack jonathan_holt
[2019-08-13T16:44:33.899Z]	<brent>	jonathan_holt: Aries agents - are there other agents?
[2019-08-13T16:44:44.414Z]	<manu>	q+ yes, CHAPI
[2019-08-13T16:44:47.386Z]	<daniel>	q+
[2019-08-13T16:44:47.429Z]	<brent>	kimhd: I've only encountered that in the informal sense
[2019-08-13T16:44:56.138Z]	<kimhd>	ack agropper
[2019-08-13T16:45:11.206Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	q+ to mention holochain as yet another way to do things
[2019-08-13T16:45:18.127Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-08-13T16:45:21.335Z]	<brent>	agropper: quick comment. it would be nice in this overview to introduce aspects of privacy or privacy engineering across the different aspects
[2019-08-13T16:45:27.428Z]	<manu>	https://w3c-ccg.github.io/credential-handler-api/
[2019-08-13T16:46:02.407Z]	<DanielH>	q+
[2019-08-13T16:46:10.448Z]	<brent>	manu: Agents is such a broad thing, a lot of things could fall underneath. the credential-handler-api is it an agent? It is dumb, but can be used as a conduit for credential exchange
[2019-08-13T16:46:23.286Z]	<brent>	... I'm also concerned we're going to run out of time
[2019-08-13T16:46:32.714Z]	<Justin_R>	present+
[2019-08-13T16:46:44.190Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1 for holding the queue
[2019-08-13T16:46:51.966Z]	<manu>	+1 for holding the queue
[2019-08-13T16:46:56.979Z]	<brent>	kimhd: What I'm inclined to do is to keep the current queue, and plow through the slides.
[2019-08-13T16:46:57.770Z]	<Justin_R>	Sorry I forgot to open the chat, can someone point me to the slide deck?
[2019-08-13T16:47:56.567Z]	<Justin_R>	@manu thanks
[2019-08-13T16:48:57.129Z]	<kimhd>	http://www.cis.syr.edu/~wedu/Teaching/CompSec/LectureNotes_New/Capability.pdf
[2019-08-13T16:49:14.649Z]	<brent>	kimhd: I encourage you to take a look at that
[2019-08-13T16:50:29.406Z]	<brent>	kimhd: slide 11 -
[2019-08-13T16:50:49.206Z]	<brent>	... I need to understand more about Authorization Method agnostic
[2019-08-13T16:51:36.414Z]	<brent>	kimhd: query/search of encrypted documents feels maybe out of place for a base-level spec
[2019-08-13T16:52:03.397Z]	<brent>	kimhd: I feel like I've done the least justice to agents - slide 12
[2019-08-13T16:53:08.367Z]	<brent>	kimhd: the interesting thing (referring to slide 7) the data oriented vs the action oriented makes a lot of sense.
[2019-08-13T16:53:23.929Z]	<brent>	... there seems to be a clear set of things that agents are doing that makes sense.
[2019-08-13T16:53:26.386Z]	<agropper>	This sequence diagram might be helpful: https://www.websequencediagrams.com/#invite=KJKVCyJ03X&from=agropper%40gmail.com&name=Public
[2019-08-13T16:53:40.991Z]	<brent>	... there are clear things happening elsewhere
[2019-08-13T16:54:14.960Z]	<brent>	kimhd: I want to set up a straw man: identity hubs/secure data hubs are both storage level
[2019-08-13T16:54:27.920Z]	<kimhd>	q?
[2019-08-13T16:54:28.905Z]	<brent>	... we need to tease apart the goals and responsibilities of both.
[2019-08-13T16:54:32.508Z]	<manu>	q+
[2019-08-13T16:54:34.052Z]	<kimhd>	ack daniel
[2019-08-13T16:54:59.427Z]	<brent>	daniel: I was originally on the queue to say at microsoft, we are working on an enterprise agent to hold keys
[2019-08-13T16:55:22.889Z]	<brent>	... on the hubs/agents slide. Hubs does describe actions.
[2019-08-13T16:56:03.387Z]	<brent>	... we recognized that task-based flows follow the same paradigm. It generalizes the process so you don't need a bunch of protocols for different events.
[2019-08-13T16:56:13.240Z]	<kimhd>	ack JoeAndrieu
[2019-08-13T16:56:37.436Z]	<brent>	JoeAndrieu: I want to throw holochain into the mix, how does it fit in this conversation?
[2019-08-13T16:56:54.887Z]	<brent>	... also, we haven't sent out the email for review of the final did spec.
[2019-08-13T16:56:59.767Z]	<kimhd>	ack DanielH
[2019-08-13T16:57:13.049Z]	<kimhd>	ack manu
[2019-08-13T16:57:33.067Z]	<brent>	manu: one of the things we may be missing is the use cases that led to the current designs. for example,
[2019-08-13T16:58:18.029Z]	<brent>	... secure data hubs is I have a wallet  with things I feel are mine. the spec came from the desire to prevent a digital storage provider from being able to snoop
[2019-08-13T16:58:36.437Z]	<brent>	... also portability, I don't want to be locked into my data provider
[2019-08-13T16:58:57.467Z]	<brent>	... the third thing: what is the minimal set of features other communities could use to build on top of
[2019-08-13T16:59:06.312Z]	<kezike>	q+ to clarify if there will necessarily be a physical workshop/presentation dedicated for each paper submitted to RWoT
[2019-08-13T16:59:29.975Z]	<brent>	... secure data hubs are agnostic to authorization  mechanisms so they can be used by many different organizations.
[2019-08-13T16:59:43.166Z]	<dlongley>	i think "strawman 2" is probably pretty close ... secure data hubs are more fundamental and only focused on storage that is encrypted/decrypted client-side ... vs. identity hubs seem to do more and have more relaxed characteristics but need a storage backend ... and agents clearly have different responsibilities
[2019-08-13T17:00:04.029Z]	<kimhd>	I can answer that kezike -- no there is no dedicated presentation for each, but we do give a brief overview in groups
[2019-08-13T17:00:07.508Z]	<daniel>	q+
[2019-08-13T17:00:08.671Z]	<brent>	... the secure/encrypted search is important because otherwise the server will be able to peek inside your data. avoiding surveillance capitalism
[2019-08-13T17:00:29.726Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	gotta run. thanks, all.
[2019-08-13T17:00:30.988Z]	<brent>	kimhd: we are at time
[2019-08-13T17:00:34.967Z]	<kimhd>	ack daniel
[2019-08-13T17:01:06.016Z]	<kimhd>	sorry kezike, did that answer your question? I wanted to give Daniel a chance to respond
[2019-08-13T17:01:19.995Z]	<brent>	daniel: when we talk about low level things. hubs allow search tags that are not encrypted because when we look at methods for doing this are really expensive.
[2019-08-13T17:01:21.732Z]	<manu>	q+ to mention efficiency of encrypted search.
[2019-08-13T17:01:38.127Z]	<brent>	... is it really possible for this to scale?
[2019-08-13T17:01:41.612Z]	<kimhd>	ack kezike
[2019-08-13T17:02:07.191Z]	<brent>	manu: we spent a lot of time making sure the design is compute-efficient. we can go into that in more detail in the future.
[2019-08-13T17:02:12.514Z]	<ken>	present+
[2019-08-13T17:02:12.646Z]	<daniel>	So you're pushing indexes from the client to the server that are hash keyed?
[2019-08-13T17:02:17.374Z]	<brent>	kimhd: that can be a follow up session
[2019-08-13T17:02:29.826Z]	<manu>	daniel, effectively,yes... with some handwaving :)
[2019-08-13T17:02:35.889Z]	<brent>	kimhd: I have a lot of questions about how that happens
[2019-08-13T17:02:38.257Z]	<rgrant>	I'd like to understand the encryption/search design better as well.
[2019-08-13T17:02:45.952Z]	<daniel>	Just trying to figure this out, because we looked at multiple ways to do this, and all sort of break when you take it out of cottage industry/hobbyist realm
[2019-08-13T17:03:14.023Z]	<manu>	daniel: We think we have something that works at the enterprise level :)
[2019-08-13T17:03:24.703Z]	<manu>	but would love feedback on it, happy to share our solution in this group.
