[Tue 11:09:51] <manu>	Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015May/0008.html
[Tue 11:11:12] <manu>	scribe: dlongley
[Tue 11:11:35] <dlongley>	Eric: I don't know if we'll get into this today, but I have been trying to test the version 1.1 of openbadges and have hit a few snags.
[Tue 11:11:45] <dlongley>	Manu: We'll put that on the agenda.
[Tue 11:11:59] <manu>	Topic: Recap of 2015 Groningen Declaration Meeting
[Tue 11:12:08] <dlongley>	Manu: Eric, Sunny, can you give us a rundown?
[Tue 11:12:50] <dlongley>	Sunny: This was my first time going to the summit, I found out about this in October, at this point I think I brought it to the attentino of this group, we got Victoriano Giralt to join this CG.
[Tue 11:14:53] <dlongley>	Eric: So it was also my first time attending, it's only the second-third year of the summit, it's invitation only. I found the breadth of initiatives going on around the world creating interop between systems... I think from 50000 ft up viewpoint, the bigger issue for international people and the US is that concern is around governance of the data not the technology. The tech is being developed in Finland, and in the Arab states and Australia. All of them working on interop between systems, primarily being done in deep pipes of database, machine to machine private pipes. I didn't see anything that was going to be similar to what we were doing from the perspective of a standard where disparate systems could communicate in a network without needing to know about each other via direct pipe.
[Tue 11:16:50] <dlongley>	Eric: I think the work they are doing is creating interop between systems and moving data from place to place is important especially with governance concerning privacy, release, and control of the data. During my presentatino, I made the point, on behalf of the CG, that this is great work you're doing and at some point you're going to want to communicate with systems that you don't know about and dont' have DB access and we're working on something ubiquitous for credential issuance/comsumption. Lots of players there, parchment, etc. Invited players to join our initiative here. 3-4 will be looking at what we're doing soon. I know that Richard just said he was speaking with Parchment, their CEO sat in all the presentations I did and they are very interested in the work.
[Tue 11:17:21] <dlongley>	Eric: It was a fantastic exchange, lots of opportunity for networking and hearing what's going on. All the presentations were video taped and will be made public, I'll post that when it goes live.
[Tue 11:17:30] <dlongley>	Manu: Sunny, anything to add?
[Tue 11:18:41] <erok210>	+1 Sunny
[Tue 11:18:55] <dlongley>	Sunny: Largely I agree with Eric, it was mostly formal education institutions talking, developing techs around transcripts, talking about interop with them and how they migrate and are portable. The digital credential conversation is really new to them and Eric and I were the new folks who were envisioning how this would all work in the future. I think a lot of these folks were interested in policy, were in a policy track, not technology. The majority of the group were policy oriented.
[Tue 11:19:02] <dlongley>	Sunny: Not as many technical minds, would be my opinion.
[Tue 11:19:40] <dlongley>	Manu: So it was worth it to go there and tell them what we're doing, do we expect any of them to join in the work and would it be worth going back next year to give them an update, etc?
[Tue 11:20:36] <dlongley>	Sunny: Victoriano, the president, is fully aware of this effort and is very much a part of this CG and patched into the work we're doing. They are definitely interested in this, and our work is going to make a lot of progress in a year and it would be worthwhile to see how our efforts come together in a year. Because we have members of that group in our CG they'll get progress updates throughout the year.
[Tue 11:22:22] <dlongley>	Eric: We should definitely have a presence there as long as that organization in place. The volume and/or potential of volume of credentials to pass around is incredible. China was there presenting their solution with 20 million registered students in their network. So mind boggling network, millions in the Arab nations as well. Student records and ways of validating the student has actually achieved what they say they have. Not much different from what Parchment, etc. want. I had a chance to show the demo that we have up on opencreds. We gave one to various delegations Finnish, Italian, etc.
[Tue 11:22:35] <NateOtto>	Eric: This Included a demonstration to Simone Ravioli from Italy
[Tue 11:22:43] <dlongley>	Manu: I met with Victoriano a while back and he's very much a strong player in this place and he's hooked into the IT network of the universities.
[Tue 11:22:57] <dlongley>	Manu: Like Sunny said he's involved in this group and believes in what we're doing.
[Tue 11:22:59] <NateOtto>	Correction, I know how to spell Eric's name. It's erok
[Tue 11:23:12] <dlongley>	Eric: Next year will be in South Africa and Australia will likely follow right after that.
[Tue 11:23:43] <dlongley>	Sunny: They are getting a lot of momentum agreeing and making commitments like Linked Data portability, interop, etc.
[Tue 11:23:49] <dlongley>	Sunny: Next up is making that actionable.
[Tue 11:24:03] <dlongley>	Sunny: We had more people agreeing with that plan vs. coming to the table with a plan to go forward.
[Tue 11:24:18] <dlongley>	Sunny: We can potentially play a big role in helping them think through those implementation details.
[Tue 11:24:24] <dlongley>	Manu: I think that's fantastic news.
[Tue 11:24:58] <dlongley>	Eric: The student clearing house has taken a stronger look at what's going on with this group based on what we presented, etc. I think they sit on the board at Groningen as well as Parchment, I'd like to go after them to recruit them harder for sure.
[Tue 11:26:07] <dlongley>	Sunny: I know [?] in Parchment and they are engaged in what's going on and I think it won't be hard working with them going forward. I do think they are philosophically on board we just need to more actively engage them.
[Tue 11:26:19] <SunnyLee>	Matt Pittinsky, CEO of Parchment
[Tue 11:26:26] <dlongley>	Manu: Next actionable thing for this group is to ask them to come join W3C work, ask them to support the WG formation and then ask them to join.
[Tue 11:26:29] <SunnyLee>	Rick Torres, CEO of National Student Clearinghouse
[Tue 11:26:47] <dlongley>	Manu: Anything else on Groningen Declaration?
[Tue 11:26:57] <SunnyLee>	all good on my side
[Tue 11:26:57] <dlongley>	Manu: Thanks a bunch Eric and Sunny for representing us there.
[Tue 11:27:09] <dlongley>	Manu: It will make the next couple of months easier on us by talking to them.
[Tue 11:27:37] *	manu shibboleth
[Tue 11:27:49] *	manu for the scribe
[Tue 11:27:53] <dlongley>	Eric: The one thing is the Artemis, they use a federated id solution, shibboleth.
[Tue 11:29:03] <dlongley>	Eric: There are some presentation videos we should be looking at, one was a proposal that was strange the way they went about who owns the data and who has to grant release to consume the data. I was thinking about how to use credentials to offer that authority., etc. and the other looked good.
[Tue 11:31:15] <dlongley>	Eric: A possible extension of our specification to talk about privacy, talking about privacy enforcement. FERPA is about to get a big overhaul; Sunny you may want to look into this with IMSGlobal, the ? label and we might want to think about how we get that into credentials and how it may be enforced.
[Tue 11:31:43] <dlongley>	Manu: The web payments group is also looking at what rights you get when you use a credential. They want a privacy policy and use statements in a machine readable format in a credential that you transmit.
[Tue 11:31:56] <dlongley>	Manu: And to build a library using JSON-LD as a data framework for that thing.
[Tue 11:32:34] <manu>	dlongley: yeah, this is similar to what we've been talking about with Tim Holborn - he wanted machine-readable statements on what a credential should be used for.
[Tue 11:32:46] <manu>	dlongley: How much of that goes into the standard? What document does it go in. This is a scope discussion.
[Tue 11:33:13] <dlongley>	Eric: Similar to when you install an app with the permissions you grant it.
[Tue 11:33:16] <dlongley>	dlongley: yes.
[Tue 11:33:36] <manu>	Topic: OBI JSON-LD Context
[Tue 11:33:39] <dlongley>	dlongley: Yes, that's how we were thinking about itw hen we had discussions on it earlier in the year.
[Tue 11:34:23] <dlongley>	Manu: The OBI JSON-LD context, I think we hit a snag with it. We discovered that when there's a cache miss -- on Amazon cloudfront, the proper CORS headers are not set and that results in an browser-based verification to fail.
[Tue 11:34:35] <dlongley>	Manu: Have you seen this problem before/are you aware of it?
[Tue 11:35:14] <manu>	dlongley: If you remember, this is what we were seeing when you were first setting it up.
[Tue 11:35:53] <dlongley>	Nate: I'll test it out and get back to you.
[Tue 11:36:18] <dlongley>	Eric: I've handcrafted some assertions to test the new stuff, but it's coming back as 1.0 not 1.1.
[Tue 11:36:24] <dlongley>	Eric: When validating.
[Tue 11:36:56] <dlongley>	Nate: Currently the online validator isn't checking 1.1 just 1.0, we're working with mozilla to get that updated. They are busy so I might end up writing the code myself.
[Tue 11:37:10] <dlongley>	Nate: I'll have an update for you by next week's call.
[Tue 11:37:30] <dlongley>	Eric: I wanted to publish an example badge so people could see the layout, etc and see how it runs.
[Tue 11:37:50] <dlongley>	Nate: Sounds great, I appreciate that. At Concentric Sky we're building a new validator that validates through 1.1.
[Tue 11:37:59] <dlongley>	Eric: Will it be open source?
[Tue 11:38:01] <dlongley>	Nate: Yes.
[Tue 11:38:09] <dlongley>	Manu: Very cool.
[Tue 11:38:15] <dlongley>	Manu: Should the community host that somewhere?
[Tue 11:38:42] <dlongley>	Nate: We're going to host it (Concentric Sky) but we'll talk about other possibilities. If you've got resources to host it that would be a fine place to put it as well.
[Tue 11:38:44] *	LFowler has quit (Quit: Page closed)
[Tue 11:38:44] <dlongley>	Manu: Sounds good.
[Tue 11:38:53] <dlongley>	Manu: Was that the concern you had?
[Tue 11:38:56] <dlongley>	Eric: Yes, and what you covered.
[Tue 11:39:37] <dlongley>	Manu: I was using curl to access the JSON-LD context but I was getting an SSL error because my machine was out of date by around 4 months ... just a heads up. The cert being used by the openbadges server is quite new.
[Tue 11:39:45] <dlongley>	Manu: Just mentioning that if other people hit the issue.
[Tue 11:40:05] <dlongley>	Eric: I have one question, in reading the docs posted under 1.1, a question to the group: Is it standard to request that as an HTTPS or it doesn't matter?
[Tue 11:40:18] <dlongley>	Eric: Should the annotations show HTTPS or doesn't it matter?
[Tue 11:40:21] <NateOtto>	erok210: a question in regard to docs posted with badges 1.1 spec: https://openbadgespec.org/ , should examples show https
[Tue 11:40:30] <dlongley>	Manu: I think we talked about this on the call last week and Nate will update it to use HTTPS.
[Tue 11:40:46] <dlongley>	Manu: We should be telling people to just use HTTPS these days.
[Tue 11:41:06] <dlongley>	Eric: I'm referring to the history 1.1 HTML file and it shows some examples.
[Tue 11:41:07] <eric>	http://openbadgespec.org/history/1.1.html
[Tue 11:41:10] <dlongley>	Nate: I'll make sure to update those.
[Tue 11:41:30] <dlongley>	Eric: I find that IE shows a mixed error if you have some HTTPS and some HTTP, etc.
[Tue 11:42:00] <dlongley>	Nate: We've encountered some problems with android as well. It won't follow redirects that bounce between secure and insecure.
[Tue 11:42:31] <dlongley>	Manu: Yeah, that enables MITM, so it needs to be HTTPS throughout.
[Tue 11:42:42] <dlongley>	Nate: Thanks for reporting this, all.
[Tue 11:42:42] <manu>	Topic: RDF Graph Normalization
[Tue 11:43:27] <dlongley>	Manu: Gregg, you went to the Linked Data Platform F2F meeting in SF, a few weeks ago. You asked if the RDF Dataset Normalization could be pulled in, the response was that they are too busy with other things. So we need to find a different home for the spec, is that accurate?
[Tue 11:44:29] <dlongley>	gkellogg: The purpose of that meeting was really to go through the follow-through items of the existing set and look at important issues that need to be addressed by the next group. And there was a *long* list. There are important issues right in the middle of LDP needs to do and they didn't make the cut. I made the argument that the spec was really a done deal that needed a home, so it doesn't look like that will be a home for it.
[Tue 11:44:43] <dlongley>	Manu: I'll take an action to talk to Phil Archer about it to get a home for it.
[Tue 11:44:51] <dlongley>	Manu: We'll lean on them to get them to create a home for it.
[Tue 11:45:22] <dlongley>	Manu: At the beginning of the call Dave Longley said maybe we could put it in the Credentials charter so it has a home and we could just create a task force for it.
[Tue 11:45:31] <dlongley>	gkellogg: It's in the charter already I think.
[Tue 11:46:09] <dlongley>	Manu: It has a star next to it to indicate we could give it a new home, now it's unclear where that would be. People may complain if we put it into a Credentials WG. Perhaps a microgroup could spin up to handle it instead.
[Tue 11:46:16] <dlongley>	Manu: So it could start being referenced in other specs, etc.
[Tue 11:46:20] <dlongley>	Manu: I'll talk with Phil about it.
[Tue 11:46:42] <dlongley>	gkellogg: Just a pointer back to the top of the minutes ... I had received comments on the existing state of the document.
[Tue 11:46:46] <dlongley>	Manu: I'll move that here.
[Tue 11:47:39] <dlongley>	gkellogg: It was an exchange with James Anderson. Was a private email but nothing sensitive in it. I pointed him at this group but I don't think it's likely he'll join. I would suggest that it go out to relevant groups, even if it's the old comments in the say the RDF WG. We should try to get a broad review, solicit input, etc.
[Tue 11:47:47] <dlongley>	Manu: Which organization is he with?
[Tue 11:47:57] <dlongley>	gkellogg: He's at datagraph, the dydra sparql engine.
[Tue 11:48:06] <dlongley>	gkellogg: He's deeply steeped in all of this stuff.
[Tue 11:08:18] <gkellogg>	Other input from him: given the position that canonical graphs may well come to play in information management, it would be imperative to include a well defined abstract model with a closed family of operations, describe the canonical state in terms of the model and canonicalization in terms of the operations.
[Tue 11:08:19] <gkellogg>	He also said: this is not the same as the language in the json-ld documents. even when then describe their intent as to express things in terms of an abstract syntax, in the end it, the description is in terms of a concrete syntax.
[Tue 11:48:14] <dlongley>	Manu: Would be great to get him involved with this.
[Tue 11:48:19] <dlongley>	gkellogg: I'll suggest he chime in.
[Tue 11:48:22] <dlongley>	Manu: Anything else?
[Tue 11:48:36] <dlongley>	gkellogg: I and one of my other Ruby RDF compatriots are planning to do an implementation shortly.
[Tue 11:48:49] <dlongley>	Manu: That will make everyone's lives much easier.
[Tue 11:49:28] <dlongley>	Manu: It would be great to have two interoperable implementations. For those unfamiliar with W3C process, you need two interop implementations and if we have that going in it will help us spin up a group.
[Tue 11:49:30] <manu>	Topic: Credentials WG Charter on Web Payments Agenda
[Tue 11:49:40] <manu>	https://www.w3.org/Payments/IG/wiki/Main_Page/FTF_June2015#16_June
[Tue 11:49:50] <dlongley>	Manu: The proposed Credentials WG Charter is on the Web Payments Agenda.
[Tue 11:50:16] <dlongley>	Manu: Richard and Eric ... pay attention to the 16th of June, specifically the afternoon. Where it says "Credentials, what do we need for Payments?"
[Tue 11:51:50] <dlongley>	Manu: There are a couple of things I'd like out of this meeting, one, I just discovered they are already at capacity, now we need a special invite from the chairs to get Richard and Eric into the room. I think we can do it but it must be done ASAP. The second thing is that I'd like to present with you or you guys present ... to show how credentials impact more than just payments. I think we're going to try and convince the web payments IG to create a Credentials WG and at the same time this CG will come out with a list of organizations that would support it that are outside the web payments IG. I'd like you guys to attend at least two days so you guys can understand what will be required of the chairs.
[Tue 11:52:15] <dlongley>	Manu: I think it will be a good experience to just observe what's going on and prime you for when you need to do the same thing. Three or four months after the NYC meeting.
[Tue 11:52:24] <dlongley>	Richard: I blocked two days off for this.
[Tue 11:52:48] <dlongley>	Manu: Ok, I need to put you in touch with the chairs and get it worked out. It's really up to you, if you think you chair these things you don't have to stick around for 2 days.
[Tue 11:52:56] <dlongley>	Richard: I need to know when we'll be talking about our topic in particular.
[Tue 11:53:12] <dlongley>	Manu: It would start at 2:30pm and go to 4:30pm.
[Tue 11:53:24] <dlongley>	Richard: I'll stick around and decide if I need to stay for a second day.
[Tue 11:53:33] <dlongley>	Eric: blocking out the 16th and 17th?
[Tue 11:53:41] <dlongley>	Manu: 16th is a must.
[Tue 11:53:51] <dlongley>	Manu: The conference goes 16-18.
[Tue 11:54:01] <dlongley>	Manu: W3C Web Payments F2F.
[Tue 11:54:17] <dlongley>	Manu: The 16th is when they will discuss the credentials topic.
[Tue 11:54:49] <dlongley>	Manu: You won't be able to use the registration form because you're not IG members.
[Tue 11:55:07] <erok210>	Bloomberg at 731 Lexington Ave.
[Tue 11:55:23] <dlongley>	Manu: Will be around 40 people in the room for both days, last day will be 60-80 people round table.
[Tue 11:55:41] <manu>	Topic: Credentials WG support questionnaire
[Tue 11:55:45] <manu>	https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2015May/0009.html
[Tue 11:56:16] <manu>	So, summary for W3C members - http://tinyurl.com/w3c-credentials-summary
[Tue 11:56:23] <dlongley>	Manu: I put together the questionnaire for the support form. We're going to, shortly, start contacting a number of companies on our recruiting list. Sending them two links, one a summary of the work, and depending on who we're contacting, we'll need to refine the summary. This one is for W3C members.
[Tue 11:56:51] <dlongley>	Manu: Formatted how W3C contacts usually receive messages. At the end we'll be asking them to say whether or not they support the creation of a credentials WG.
[Tue 11:56:56] <manu>	Support creation of credentials WG form: http://tinyurl.com/w3c-credentials-support
[Tue 11:57:46] <dlongley>	Manu: W3C is breathing down our neck to get this info to them sooner rather than later. Need to move on this in the next 2 weeks.
[Tue 11:57:54] <dlongley>	Manu: Take any discussion on that to the mailing list.
[Tue 11:57:56] <manu>	Topic: Recruiting co-chair from Pearson
[Tue 11:58:51] <dlongley>	Manu: I have sent an email out to Peter J, asking them if they'll co-chair. Other potential co-chairs could come from orgs like blackboard. We need to see if Pearson is interested, if not, we may move onto another org. Maybe even Microsoft or the Gates Foundation. They might be interested.
[Tue 11:59:05] <NateOtto>	If framed in terms of Competency Based Education use cases, that may be attractive to Gates.
[Tue 11:59:25] <dlongley>	Eric: It's looking like the 18th is when we should be there?
[Tue 11:59:47] <dlongley>	Eric: Ok, I'm sorry. I see.
[Tue 11:59:56] <dlongley>	Manu: That's old information, I'll strike that on the page.
[Tue 12:00:06] <dlongley>	Eric: I thought that was a lot of topics to cover :).
[Tue 12:00:13] <dlongley>	Manu: Thanks everyone for the call
[Tue 12:00:43] <dlongley>	Manu: Please focus on a recruiting document for non-W3C members and go into the docs and fill them out and add comments, we need to get them into shape.
[Tue 12:00:43] <dlongley>	Present+ fowler, dlehn
[Tue 12:00:44] <voip-cr>	Gregg Kellogg [SIP/sip2sip.info-000001a4] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:45] <voip-cr>	Sunny [SIP/142.136.76.105-000001aa] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:45] <voip-cr>	Manu Sporny [SIP/6000-000001a3] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:45] <voip-cr>	15152298984 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001a9] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:46] <voip-cr>	Dave Longley [SIP/6002-000001a5] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:49] <voip-cr>	dlehn [SIP/71.197.0.193-000001a6] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:00:56] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:00:56] <voip-cr>	Conference participants are: Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001a7], Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-000001a8], 16092160944 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001ab].
[Tue 12:00:59] <voip-cr>	Eric Korb [SIP/sip.linphone.org-000001a7] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:10] <manu>	voip: disconnect 1a8
[Tue 12:01:10] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-000001a8].
[Tue 12:01:11] <voip-cr>	Nate Otto [SIP/sip2sip.info-000001a8] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:12] <manu>	voip: disconnect 1a7
[Tue 12:01:12] <voip-cr>	Failed to disconnect "1a7"; unrecognized channel.
[Tue 12:01:17] <manu>	voip: connections?
[Tue 12:01:18] <voip-cr>	Conference participants are: 16092160944 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001ab].
[Tue 12:01:22] <manu>	voip: disconnect 1ab
[Tue 12:01:22] <voip-cr>	Disconnecting 16092160944 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001ab].
[Tue 12:01:22] <voip-cr>	16092160944 [SIP/69.71.222.196-000001ab] has left the conference.
[Tue 12:01:23] <voip-cr>	No one is on the conference bridge.
[Tue 12:01:23] <voip-cr>	Shutting down and leaving...
[Tue 12:01:23] *	voip-cr (~voipbot@216.252.204.51) has left #credentials
[Tue 12:01:24] <manu>	voip: connections?
